Firm: Swanson and McNamara LLP
URL: https://www.swansonmcnamara.com/
Title: Swanson & McNamara LLP - A San Francisco Law Firm Specializing in Criminal Defense and Complex Civil Litigation

Swanson & McNamara LLP - A San Francisco Law Firm Specializing in Criminal Defense and Complex Civil Litigation Home Practice Areas Our Team Mary McNamara Ed Swanson August Gugelmann Britt Evangelist Carly Bittman Hannah Pollack Audrey Barron Amy Jo McGuigan Maeve O’Reilly Contact Us Select Page "It is a go-to firm for some of the most complex issues that a client can face. They know how to dig into the factual weeds and in doing so identify key salient facts." -Chambers & Partners Review 2025 "Swanson & McNamara exhibit mastery of the relevant facts, skilful and proactive engagement with counsel of other parties, and are well-versed in investigations." -Chambers & Partners Review 2025 "They are especially adept at clarifying the nuances of complex cases and creatively working toward just outcomes for their clients." -Chambers & Partners Review 2025 "Swanson & McNamara is a small and mighty firm of exceptionally high quality. They are brilliant legal minds and everyone is at the top of their game." -Chambers & Partners Review 2025 "Ed and Mary are sophisticated, creative, thorough and well-prepared. What distinguishes them most is that they always get the best possible result for their clients." -Chambers & Partners Review 2025 Swanson & McNamara LLP is a trial and appellate law firm specializing in high-stakes criminal, civil, and regulatory defense and internal investigations. We handle complex matters efficiently and discreetly while providing our clients with the highest level of personal service. We work closely with our clients to develop creative and winning strategies for all types of legal problems. And in every case — from the largest to the smallest — we fight to achieve the best possible legal outcome. Chambers Band 1 for Litigation: Specialist Firms in White-Collar Crime & Government Investigations in California Best Lawyers Tier 1: Bet-the-Company Litigation Criminal Defense: General Practice Criminal Defense: White-Collar Our Practice Areas Our Team PRACTICE AREAS Swanson & McNamara LLP provides representation in virtually every aspect of criminal law and in a broad spectrum of civil matters. This includes representation of individuals, corporations and institutions during all phases of trial and appellate proceedings, in both federal and state investigations and courtrooms. WHITE COLLAR Accounting fraud Health care fraud Mail and wire fraud Bank fraud Fraud on the government Embezzlement Public corruption Economic espionage Trade secret theft Tax crimes Insider trading Price fixing COURT-APPOINTED NEUTRAL Discovery special master Mediation Court expert GENERAL CRIMINAL DEFENSE RICO Narcotics offenses Violent crimes Obstruction/Perjury Sex crimes Extortion Robbery Arson Immigration fraud Appeals Habeas Corpus MONITORSHIPS Appointed as federal monitor to Big Tech firm subject to the Deferred Prosecution Agreement INTERNAL INVESTIGATIONS Audit and committee investigations School and workplace investigations Public entity investigations Pool counsel CIVIL LITIGATION SEC enforcement Trade secret disputes Fee disputes Civil forfeiture Local counsel Restraining orders Securities litigation OUR TEAM Mary McNamara PARTNER Ed Swanson PARTNER August Gugelmann PARTNER Britt Evangelist PARTNER Carly Bittman ASSOCIATE Hannah Pollack ASSOCIATE Audrey Barron OF COUNSEL Amy Jo McGuigan SENIOR PARALEGAL Maeve O'Reilly OFFICE MANAGER CONTACT US Swanson & McNamara LLP 300 Montgomery Street Suite 1100 San Francisco, CA 94104 Phone: (415) 477-3800 Fax: (415) 477-9010 General Contact Maeve O’Reilly maeve@smllp.law Attorneys Ed Swanson ed@smllp.law Mary McNamara mary@smllp.law August Gugelmann august@smllp.law Britt Evangelist britt@smllp.law Carly Bittman carly@smllp.law Hannah Pollack hannah@smllp.law Audrey Barron audrey@smllp.law Swanson & McNamara LLP Follow Us 300 Montgomery Street Suite 1100 San Francisco, CA 94104 Phone: (415) 477-3800 Fax: (415) 477-9010 Directions > Home Practice Areas Our Team Contact Us © 2024 Swanson & McNamara LLP. All rights reserved. Site designed by Ed Varga .
