Firm: Roberts | Elliott Law Corp
URL: https://www.robertsandelliott.com/
Title: San Jose Criminal Defense Lawyers - Roberts | Elliott Law Corp.

San Jose Criminal Defense Lawyers - Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. 1-408-275-9800 Email Us Practice Areas Drunk Driving – DUI DMV Hearings Traffic Violations Domestic Violence Drug Offenses Marijuana Offenses Drug and Asset Forfeiture Laws Juvenile Crimes White Collar & Theft Crimes Criminal Law Overview Criminal Trial Process Glossary & Procedures Know Your Crimes About Us Overview James K. Roberts Kirk W. Elliott Legal Resources Contact Select Page San Jose Criminal Defense Lawyers Whether you have been charged with drunk driving (DUI), domestic violence, a drug or marijuana crime, assault and battery, theft, fraud, juvenile crime or you have an outstanding bench or arrest warrant in California, our San Jose Criminal Defense Lawyers at Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. will zealously protect your rights. Proven Results Call 1-408-275-9800 San Jose Drunk Driving (DUI) Lawyers Based in San Jose California, the Drunk Driving ( DUI ) lawyers at Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. have been defending individuals charged with driving under the influence ( DUI ) in San Jose, Santa Clara County, the Bay Area, and throughout the state of California for over 35 years . Remember you must contact the DMV within Ten (10) days from the date of your arrest, to save your license and set a DMV Admin Per Se Hearing. Call us now for a Free Consultation! Proven Results Call 1-408-275-9800 San Jose Domestic Violence Defense Lawyers Our Domestic Violence Defense Lawyers have been representing individuals charged with crimes of violence for over 35 years, in San Jose, Santa Clara County and throughout the Bay Area. We will fight on your behalf both in and out of court to avoid jail time, fines, domestic violence counseling, restraining orders and probation.There is too much at stake. Call us now for a Free Consultation! Proven Results Call 1-408-275-9800 We are a full-service criminal law firm and can defend you against any criminal charges, including the following: Drunk Driving – DUI Learn More » DMV Hearings Learn More » Traffic Violations Learn More » Domestic Violence Learn More » Drug Offenses Learn More » Marijuana Offenses Learn More » Drug and Asset Forfeiture Laws Learn More » White Collar and Theft Crimes Learn More » Juvenile Crimes Learn More » Blood Alcohol Calculator Learn More » Why Roberts & Elliott? Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. is a full-service Criminal Defense Firm based in San Jose California. We have been defending clients and their constitutional rights in State and Federal courts throughout Santa Clara County, the Bay Area and California, for over thirty-five (35) years. We know your freedom is at stake, and we take protecting your rights seriously. Whether you have been charged with drunk driving (DUI), marijuana or drug offenses, domestic violence, assault and battery, theft, fraud, traffic offenses, or have a pending bench or arrest warrant in California, our attorneys will diligently fight to protect your rights. We can also file Motions to clear your prior criminal record, including reduction of prior felony offenses to misdemeanors (Penal Code 17) (Prop 47 Drugs) (Prop 64 Marijuana Crimes), early termination of Probation (Penal Code 1203.3), and Expungements (Penal Code 1203.4). Schedule your FREE Consultation When your freedom is at stake, you want to have experienced representation who aggressively fight to protect your rights. Contact Roberts & Elliott today. Name * Email Address * Phone Brief description of your legal issue * An asterisk (*) indicates REQUIRED information. Δ Our Team We have been aggressively pursuing claims and protecting our client’s legal interests for more than thirty-five (35) years. Kirk W. Elliott has been recognized as one of the Top Ten attorneys in Santa Clara County and has handled thousands of criminal cases and administrative trials. Jim Roberts has taught attorneys and legal professionals about trial issues and litigation procedures. For additional information about our qualifications, please visit our About Us page. LEARN MORE » Our Team We have been aggressively pursuing claims and protecting our client’s legal interests for more than thirty-five (35) years. Kirk W. Elliott has been recognized as one of the Top Ten attorneys in Santa Clara County and has handled thousands of criminal cases and administrative trials. Jim Roberts has taught attorneys and legal professionals about trial issues and litigation procedures. For additional information about our qualifications, please visit our About Us page. LEARN MORE » Your Legal Information Resource If you have been charged with a crime, are under criminal investigation or there is an arrest or bench warrant out for you, you need experienced representation. Schedule a free, confidential consultation with the experienced San Jose Criminal Defense Lawyers at Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. by calling us at 1-408-275-9800, emailing us, or filling out our intake form on our Contact Us page. If you want additional information about criminal law or the criminal judicial process, please visit our Criminal Information page, our Criminal Law Information page, and our Criminal Trial Process page. We are here to help you. Know your rights! To learn more about Driving Under the Influence (DUI) information, check out our DUI page . Protecting your freedom from incarceration is our top priority. Let our team of Criminal Defense Lawyers, fight for your freedom and protect your rights. Our experienced attorneys have over thirty-five (35) years of criminal trial experience. From the personal service we provide, to our hands-on attention to detail, Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. is prepared to show you how the knowledge of our experienced criminal defense lawyers can work for you. Criminal Law Information Criminal Trial Process Domestic Violence Information We have experience in the defense of All Criminal Cases: Our Criminal Defense Lawyers have represented thousands of individuals charged with criminal offenses in San Jose, Santa Clara County and throughout California. This includes Felony and Misdemeanor matters, Traffic infractions, Penal Code violations, Health & Safety Code violations, Drunk Driving, Marijuana offenses, Drug offenses, Juvenile charges, Vehicular Manslaughter, Domestic violence, Sex offenses, Murder, Theft offenses, Fraud, Elder abuse, and Drug/Asset Forfeiture. We can also assist you with the recall of bench amd arrest warrants, bail bonds, early release from jail on the Supervised Own Recognizance Program (SORP), plea bargains, and sentencing. From the preparation of relevant motions, such as motions to suppress evidence, dismiss, and strike a prior conviction, to efficiently navigate through the discovery, pretrial, trial, and sentencing processes, we will take the steps necessary to effectively protect your constitutional rights and avoid jail. Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. • 1875 S Bascom Ave., Suite 2400 • Campbell, CA 95008 Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. 1875 S Bascom Ave., Suite 2400 Campbell, CA 95008 Think of us as your Criminal Defense Consumer Information Resource Our Criminal Defense Lawyers at Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. defend clients in San Jose and throughout Santa Clara County, the Bay Area and California. Our experienced Criminal Attorneys can assist you in the defense of any criminal matters within Santa Clara County, Silicon Valley and the greater San Francisco Bay Area. We can defend your rights in surrounding cities including Fremont, Oakland, Hayward, San Mateo, Redwood City, San Francisco, Santa Clara, Campbell, Cupertino Sunnyvale, Los Gatos,Gilroy, Morgan Hill, Milpitas, Palo Alto, Pleasanton, Livermore and Hollister. Our experienced Criminal Defense Lawyers at Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. can also fight your criminal charges in surrounding counties, including Alameda County, San Francisco County, Santa Cruz County, Monterey County, San Benito, Contra Costa County, Solano County and throughout the state. Whether you need a San Jose Criminal Defense Attorney, a California Drunk Driving (DUI) Lawyer, or a San Jose DMV Attorney, we can help you. Know your rights! Practice Areas Criminal Law Overview About Us Legal Resources Contact Us © 2018 by Roberts | Elliott Law Corp. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map 1-408-275-9800 Email Us
