Firm: Knight Law
URL: https://knightjustice.com/
Title: San Jose Criminal Lawyers - Knight Law

San Jose Criminal Lawyers - Knight Law We speak Armenian and Russian Skip to Main Content Our Team Nana Knight Chris Knight Gina Luevano Practice Areas Criminal Defense Assault & Battery Burglary & Theft Domestic Violence Drug Offenses DUI Defense DUI Defense Guide What Do My DUI Charges Mean? Fraud Gang Crimes Homicide & Murder Juvenile Offenses Misdemeanors Possession of a Firearm Post-Conviction Relief Motion to Vacate Expungements Sealing Arrest Records Early Termination of Probation Public Intoxication Restraining Orders Civil Restraining Orders Gun Violence Restraining Orders Robbery Sexual Assault & Rape School Disciplinary Proceedings Lawyer Shoplifting Strike Offenses Witness Representation Weapons Offenses White Collar Crimes Military Law Military Adverse Administrative Action Defense FAQ In The Press Learn More – Videos Resources Blog Articles Case Results Client Reviews Call us at +1 408-877-6177 Contact Us SAN JOSE DUI AND CRIMINAL DEFENSE LAWYERS Former Prosecutors & Board-Certified Criminal Law Specialist combined 30+ years of criminal justice experience. Helping members of our community protect their rights, their liberty, and their future. Get Help With Your Case Now GET A CONSULTATION SAN JOSE CRIMINAL ATTORNEYS Serious Legal Help for Serious Legal Problems Facing criminal charges in San Jose can have devastating consequences, especially for professionals in fields like IT and tech, healthcare, finance, education, and law enforcement. We have extensive experience in all areas of criminal law, UCMJ, and adverse military actions. Whether you have been injured or charged with a DUI , murder, domestic violence , sexual assault, a violent crime, or any crime, Knight Law is here to guide you, and help you make great decisions about your case and your life – always and in all ways. You need a trusted ally. Someone who will take on this burden for you, explain it all in terms you can understand, and give you the knowledge you need to make the best decision you can about your case. That’s where Knight Law comes in. Knight Law is more than just a criminal defense law firm. We’re your partners. We work as a team with you to understand your objectives, and what motivates you. We give you honest advice about your case, go over your options, and help mount the best defense possible. Above all, we care about you. We treat you the way we would want to be treated in your situation. And we are committed to help you regain control and get your life back on track. LEARN WHAT SETS US APART Former prosecutors in the San Jose & Bay area ready to defend you Past prosecuted cases featured in CBS , SFGate, The Mercury News , Fresno Bee , KSBW , KION546 , Salinas Californian, The Monterey Herald. What We do Practice Areas Nana Knight has represented and defended major government organizations such as the City of San Jose, the United States Air Force, the United States Air Force Academy and the California Air National Guard. She puts her expertise and experience to work for you and gives your case the individualized attention it needs to get you the best outcome possible. Criminal Defense Assault & Battery DUI Defense Homicide/Murder Strike Offenses Burglary & Theft Expungements Misdemeanors Victim/Witness Representation Civil Restraining Orders Fraud Representation During Investigations Weapons Offenses Domestic Violence Gang Crimes Robbery White Collar Crimes Drug Offenses Gun-Violence Restraining Orders (GVROs) Sexual Assault and Rape Victim & Witness Representation GET A CONSULTATION THE KNIGHT ADVANTAGE With The Right Defense, You Can Deal With Any Offense Exceptional Credentials & Experience Former Prosecutor Deputy District Attorney & Military Prosecutor Board-Certified Specialist In Criminal Law California State Bar Former Professor of Law Criminal Law & Procedure Published Author Peer-reviewed articles, keynote speaker, trains other lawyers, and expert consultant for other attorneys Lieutenant Colonel Award-Winning JAG-Veteran MEET NANA KNIGHT GET A CONSULTATION “My philosophy has always been that if you want to take away someone’s liberty and livelihood, you better have an airtight case. I don’t leave any rock unturned: if there is a weakness in the case, I will find it. If there is a gap, I will exploit it. I know the government’s strategy and all its tactics and techniques. Beating them at their own game is second nature to me.” NANA KNIGHT Founder, Knight Law how we win Relentless Defense for Any Criminal Offense When you choose Knight Law, you’re not just selecting another lawyer; you’re selecting a fierce defender of your rights, your liberty and your future. A true powerhouse and your trusted ally committed to getting you the best possible outcome in any situation. THE KNIGHT STRATEGY Anticipate We can anticipate what the prosecution will do because we have insider information about how they work behind the scenes to convict you. We’ve been there and done that, so we are ready to defend you against what is coming. We know that once the criminal justice machine is launched against you, you are in a vulnerable situation. You need a formidable ally to protect you against the system. Neutralize We listen to your story and work with you as a team to create a unique defense strategy for you. We attack the case against you, carefully evaluating every piece of evidence that might be used to convict you – whether it’s seeking experts, conducting investigations, or exposing lies and weaknesses in the case against you. We know how to investigate, and we work just as hard as the prosecution behind the scenes and in court to make sure we don’t leave any stone unturned in our investigation. With our preparation and plan of attack, we work hard to neutralize the tactics the prosecution uses to convict you. Prevail At Knight Law, we are dedicated to making sure that every minute devoted to your case brings you closer to justice. Every case is different, but we are committed to working hard to ultimately prevail by getting you the best outcome possible based on the facts and circumstances of your case. The Knight Advantage We Are Not Afraid to Fight Nana Knight has practiced in countless courtrooms and enjoys advocating for her clients on complex and high-stakes issues. A true trial lawyer, she leverages her experience, exceptional credentials, superb trial skills and credibility into favorable outcomes for her clients. In the intricate landscape of the criminal justice system, having a law office that practices criminal law is crucial for navigating legal challenges. San Jose attorneys at Knight Law are adept at representing clients in both state and federal courts, ensuring that every case is handled with expertise and diligence. Whether you’re dealing with issues involving a police officer or other legal matters, these attorneys are committed to providing exceptional legal support. We are combat-tested Attorney Nana Knight honed her skills as a gang and murder case prosecutor, as an advocate at the United States Air Force Judge Advocate (JAG) Corps and as Chief In-House Counsel to senior military commanders, and as a Senior Civil Litigation Attorney at the San Jose City Attorney’s Office. At Knight Law, we prepare every case as if it will go to trial. As a trial attorney, Nana Knight has had countless successes in the courtroom. She genuinely cares about doing whatever it takes to help her clients secure the most favorable outcome possible. Going the Extra Mile For Our Clients At Knight Law, we are focused on being responsive to our clients. We pride ourselves in forming strong attorney-client relationships by spending the time to talk to our clients and in truly understanding their needs. We believe that our clients are entitled to the best representation possible. We are passionate about achieving justice and results for our clients. Because of our individualized attention and our commitment to each client, we can fully engage our significant resources to prepare each client’s case or claim as if the case is proceeding to a contested trial. Our preparation is exhaustive and involves investigation, discovery, and teaming up with established experts and who add value to our clients’ cases. Do you want to learn more about what our firm can do for you? Call us today at (408) 877-6177 to speak to a dedicated San Jose criminal defense attorney who cares. What Sets Our Firm Apart A Former Prosecutors Fighting For You CERTIFIED CRIMINAL LAW SPECIALIST Nana Knight is certified by the State Bar of California’s Board of Legal Specialization as a criminal law specialist. There are fewer than 350 attorneys in the State of California who have earned this distinction. In order to become certified as a criminal law specialist, she successfully passed an intensive written examination demonstrating exceptional knowledge in the area of criminal law. She demonstrated to the State Bar a high level of experience in criminal law and obtained favorable evaluations by defense attorneys, prosecutors, and judges familiar with her work. G o o g l e Reviews See What Our Clients Are Saying Leave a Review “Nana is the best Lawyer that you can possibly ever have, she is incredibly helpful and provides clear and comprehensive information on your case as well as maintaining you well informed during the whole process. Her expertise in civilian law and Military law is definitely what you need. I truly thank God for putting her in my way, I felt very confident in her knowledge and well represented throughout the entire process. I highly recommend Nana to anyone in need of a skilled and dedicated attorney, especially if you are Active Duty Military or Reserves. She truly goes 100% and then some. Thank you for everything that you did for me and my Family.” “Both Attorney Nana Knight and her staff are amazing. They are responsive, highly professional and go above and beyond for their clients. When I needed help with my case, I called Knight Law based on a recommendation and was immediately blown away at the professionalism, compassion and immediate help that I received with my case. Can’t recommend them enough.” “Nana Knight is a thoughtful, experienced, and bright attorney. I would recommend her highly.” “Nana Knight inspired me with confidence from the first conversation on the phone until the positive conclusion of the case, I didn’t doubt it for a second! Thank you! You are a very competent lawyer and a sympathetic person!” “Ms. Nana is a great professional and provides outstanding services. She is detail-oriented and very patient. I highly recommend Knight Law.” “Ms Knight is awesome! You hope to never need an attorney, but this was a great experience. She was honest, diligent, & determined to get the best possible outcome.” “Attorney Nana Knight was very helpful. Ms. Knight provided our family with useful information and referrals that aided us in our process to remedy a legal matter. Thank you, Attorney Knight.” “I was referred to the firm Knight Law and attorney Nana Knight when I was looking for an attorney to help me with my case. Nana took the time to listen to my case and answered all my questions with patience and care. I decided to retain her after my initial consultation because I really liked her approach. She got me a great resolution for my case. I really appreciate what she did for me.” “Excellent lawyer, very responsive and experienced and I will trust the most serious criminal case to her.” “Nana is one of the most professional people I’ve worked with. She researches and crafts well thought and prepared statements and responses. She practices with integrity, demands excellence, and always puts her clients first. I highly respect and routinely seek her counsel.” “Nana Knight inspired me with confidence from the first conversation on the phone until the positive conclusion of the case, I didn’t doubt it for a second! Thank you! You are a very competent lawyer and a sympathetic person!” “Nana Knight is an extremely responsive, and got a great result in my case. I’m very fortunate to have found her and her firm. I trust her advice completely. Very happy with her and her client service.” “Attorney Nana Knight helped me with a very complex legal issue and got an excellent result for me. I really appreciated her expertise, guidance and patience. Her client service is excellent and I highly recommend her and her firm.” “If you are seeking a great attorney that will work for your interests and keep you grounded in reality, you cannot go wrong with Nana Knight. Best decision you will make.” “Ms. Knight, I would like to express my most sincere thanks for your professional representation and admire your work ethic.” “I highly recommend Nana. Her clear communication, strong courtroom presence, and excellent results make her an excellent choice for legal representation. She genuinely goes above and beyond for her clients.” “Nana is a consummate professional who is well versed in her craft, diligent and detail oriented. And most importantly, she cares about her clients. If you are faced with an issue, I unequivocally recommend her.” “Ms. Knight embodies the epitome of legal acumen and professionalism. Her attentiveness and ability to listen are unparalleled, providing her with the insights necessary to address complex legal scenarios with a level of compassion that is rare in the field. With Ms. Knight, you can expect not only expert guidance but also a genuine commitment to your best interests. Ms. Knight is the ally you want in your corner.” “I worked with Mrs. Knight for over 5 years, and can attest first hand of her knowledge, skill and integrity. She is committed to everything she does. I always felt like I was the most important person she was representing. She’s a winner who is passionate about the law and cares about people.” “Nana Knight is excellent to work with. She answers your calls right away and gets right to business. She really cares about taking care of my needs. I highly recommend her.” “Ms. Knight is very compassionate, ethical, dedicated, hard working and a wonderful human being who will serve our community for many years to come. I highly recommend her.” “I have had the opportunity to use the services of ‘Knight Law’ and I can soundly say without any pause or delay they are a ‘top shelf’ organization. They were very easy to reach and extremely easy to deal with. I felt very comfortable in every aspect of our contacts. I highly recommend their services.” “Ms. Knight is an excellent attorney and I would not hesitate to seek her legal advice in times of need. She is experienced in both civil and criminal law, which is quite rare in the legal field. Ms. Knight has personally tried multiple murder cases and litigated the most complex civil matters. She is meticulous in her case preparation and fierce in the courtroom. I highly recommend Ms. Knight as your next attorney.” SAN JOSE CRIMINAL LAWYER We Are Ready to Help You At Knight Law, we know when you are charged with a crime, the government has all the resources and the fight is not always fair. As a former prosecutor, Nana Knight knows that the government is not always right. Sometimes people get arrested for the first time in their life. Sometimes people make a single error in judgment with life-altering consequences, and sometimes, people are innocent. Whatever your situation, we believe no one deserves to have one event ruin their entire life. At Knight Law, we help members of our community protect their rights, their liberty, and their future. We are friendly, experienced, dedicated, and we go the extra mile for every client. As your trusted ally, we put you back in control and empower you to make confident, informed decisions about your case. If you want an honest assessment of your case, contact us now and get a former prosecutor to defend and protect your rights. You’re in good hands! Call now For a case evaluation Contact Details Knight Law, Criminal Defense Lawyer 1010 W. Taylor St. San Jose, CA 95126 +1 408-877-6177 Google My Business Knight Law is a San Jose-based law firm serving Bay Area residents and Santa Clara County with a focus on criminal justice. Nana Knight is a distinguished criminal law attorney, former prosecutor, senior military officer, author, speaker, and community leader with extensive experience in criminal law and military law. She offers legal representation for a wide range of criminal cases, including domestic violence, assault, homicide and DUIs. READ MORE Hours Of Operation Monday Open 24 hours Tuesday Open 24 hours Wednesday Open 24 hours Thursday Open 24 hours Friday Open 24 hours Saturday Open 24 hours Sunday Open 24 hours Subscribe to our newsletter Former Prosecutor & Board-Certified Criminal Law Specialist We serve Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, San Mateo Counties and the Greater Bay Area. GET IN TOUCH 1010 W. Taylor St. San Jose, CA 95126 info@knightjustice.com +1 408-877-6177 Subscribe to our newsletter Former Prosecutor & Board-Certified Criminal Law Specialist Attorney Advertising. The materials on this website are for informational purposes only and are not legal advice. Prior results and testimonials are not a guarantee or prediction of future outcomes. No attorney-client relationship is formed by viewing this site, submitting a form, sending an email, or leaving a voicemail. Please do not send confidential information until Knight Law has completed a conflict review and confirmed representation in writing. © Copyright 2026. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Site Map Marketing by Sign Up to download our "Choosing the Right Criminal Defense Lawyer checklist"
