Firm: Lamano Law Office
URL: https://www.lamanolaw.com/
Title: Oakland Criminal Defense Attorney | Lamano Law Office

Oakland Criminal Defense Attorney | Lamano Law Office Skip Navigation Home About Us Firm Overview Alanna Coopersmith Sara Coppin Francoise Espinoza Givelle Lamano Manjula Martin Vanessa Pena-Hallinan Walter Suchyta Ben Zicherman Attorney Endorsements Staff Brenice Armstrong Justine Collier Jessica Rodriguez Criminal Defense Criminal Defense Overview Oakland Assault & Battery Oakland Child Abuse Charges Oakland Domestic Violence Oakland Drug Offenses Oakland Expungements Fraud & Embezzlement Oakland Felony Charges Oakland Gun Charges Oakland Disorderly/Lewd Conduct Oakland Misdemeanor Charges Oakland Military Diversion Oakland Probation Violations Oakland Property Crimes Prostitution Arrests Oakland Sex Offenses Oakland Theft Charges Oakland Violent Crimes Warrants Oakland White Collar Crimes DUI Defense DUI Defense Overview 1st DUI Defense 2nd DUI Offense Can a DUI Be A Felony? DUI and Commercial Drivers DUI Law Today DUI with Refusal DMV Hearing DMV Proceedings Felony DUI Get Your DUI Dismissed Legal Defenses for DUI Charges Out of State DUI Underage DUI SR-22 After a DUI Federal Crimes Federal Crimes Overview Federal Drug Crimes Federal Drug Trafficking Federal Drug Manufacturing Federal Gun Charges Resources Case Results In the Media Frequently Asked Questions Prepare for Court Get Police Report Criminal Defense Info DUI Defense Help Client Login Portal Make a Payment Client Reviews Legal Blog Video Library Locations Alameda Berkeley Contra Costa Downtown Oakland Dublin Emeryville Hayward Livermore Marin County Newark Oakland Jack London Square Pleasanton San Jose San Leandro San Mateo County Solano County Union City Contact Available 24/7 (510) 842-0750 Available 24/7 (510) 842-0750 Home About Us Firm Overview Alanna Coopersmith Sara Coppin Francoise Espinoza Givelle Lamano Manjula Martin Vanessa Pena-Hallinan Walter Suchyta Ben Zicherman Attorney Endorsements Staff Brenice Armstrong Justine Collier Jessica Rodriguez Criminal Defense Criminal Defense Overview Oakland Assault & Battery Oakland Child Abuse Charges Oakland Domestic Violence Oakland Drug Offenses Oakland Expungements Fraud & Embezzlement Oakland Felony Charges Oakland Gun Charges Oakland Disorderly/Lewd Conduct Oakland Misdemeanor Charges Oakland Military Diversion Oakland Probation Violations Oakland Property Crimes Prostitution Arrests Oakland Sex Offenses Oakland Theft Charges Oakland Violent Crimes Warrants Oakland White Collar Crimes DUI Defense DUI Defense Overview 1st DUI Defense 2nd DUI Offense Can a DUI Be A Felony? DUI and Commercial Drivers DUI Law Today DUI with Refusal DMV Hearing DMV Proceedings Felony DUI Get Your DUI Dismissed Legal Defenses for DUI Charges Out of State DUI Underage DUI SR-22 After a DUI Federal Crimes Federal Crimes Overview Federal Drug Crimes Federal Drug Trafficking Federal Drug Manufacturing Federal Gun Charges Resources Case Results In the Media Frequently Asked Questions Prepare for Court Get Police Report Criminal Defense Info DUI Defense Help Client Login Portal Make a Payment Client Reviews Legal Blog Video Library Locations Alameda Berkeley Contra Costa Downtown Oakland Dublin Emeryville Hayward Livermore Marin County Newark Oakland Jack London Square Pleasanton San Jose San Leandro San Mateo County Solano County Union City Contact Available 24/7 (510) 842-0750 Top Rated Oakland Criminal Defense Attorneys You can’t afford to be another case number on a Judge’s desk. We are here to tell your story, that you’re a person with a family, a career, a good person that does not deserve to go to jail. Schedule a consultation Talk to your attorney now! Talk to your attorney now! Δ Full Name (Required) Phone Number (Required) Email (Required) Please briefly tell us about your case. (Optional) Consent i agree By selecting this checkbox, you're nodding to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy . Know that we safeguard your information. * Why Choose Us? % Success Rate % Five-Star Reviews On Yelp Clients Served Testimonials Get Your Quick 1 Page CheckList Here First 48 hours checklist 5 Biggest mistakes when you’re arrested 3 possibilities on your first court date 10 Day DUI Deadline Criminal Case Checklist DUI Checklist Does This Sound Like Your Situation? FIRST TIME ARREST? LOVED ONE ARRESTED? WANT A CLEAN RECORD? WORRIED ABOUT YOUR JOB? NOT A CITIZEN? First time getting arrested? Very often, our clients have never had any trouble with the law. Many have never even received a traffic ticket. Getting arrested or investigated for a crime does not make you a bad person. Our clients are professionals, college students, mothers, grandfathers, and people from all walks of life who need legal help. They are good citizens who find themselves in a bad situation. Our Oakland criminal attorneys are here to help you through this tough time and will fight for the best possible outcome in your case. We proudly serve clients from all over Alameda, San Francisco and Contra Costa Counties with offices near Santa Rita jail. With an experienced criminal defense attorney by your side, you can be confident that your rights will be vigorously defended, and you will receive the best legal representation available. We understand how stressful and overwhelming a criminal charge or investigation can be, so we strive to provide personalized attention to each client. First time arrest? Is your family member or loved one in jail? Our office frequently gets phone calls from family members, spouses, and advocates who want to help after a loved one’s arrest. Perhaps your loved one has never been in trouble with the law before and they are worried about how it will affect their future. They may feel overwhelmed or traumatized and are looking to you for support and guidance in seeking legal representation. Whatever the situation, we can help. Loved one arrested? Want to clean up your criminal record? Are you looking for a job and want to get your ducks in a row before applying or submitting your resume? Many people want to clean up their record so they can change careers, move to a different job, or simply be in a better position for future opportunities. No matter the reason, cleaning up your record is a good idea so that you can put your best foot forward toward your future goals. We have over 30+ years of combined experience and have years of experience in clearing your criminal record. We can provide all the legal services you need to expunge or reduce your felony or misdemeanor charges, and help ensure that your past won’t impede your future. Want a clean record? Worried about how your arrest may affect your job? Do you have the type of job where having a criminal record could get you fired? Are you concerned a criminal record will affect your future career goals? Or maybe an arrest will affect your driving privileges, which could hurt your ability to work? Our attorneys help hardworking people like you fight to get your life back and your life on track after an arrest. Worried about Your Job? Worried about your citizenship or immigration status? Are you afraid your arrest will cause you to be deported or reported to ICE? Or maybe you are undocumented and worried that this arrest will cause an investigation into your citizenship status? Or maybe you are a dreamer/DACA recipient? If you have any of these concerns, you can feel comfortable speaking with our criminal defense attorneys because we are immigrants ourselves and want to protect you. Your immigration status will help us decide the best way to defend you in your criminal case. Not a U.S. citizen? Our Legal Services There’s a reason we have over 350+ five-star reviews online and a 98% success rate. We have a long track record of success with a reputation of genuinely caring about our clients. DUI There are many ways to win a DUI case. Learn how to keep your drivers license, your job, and avoid jail time, fines, and a criminal record. More Domestic Violence Let’s tell your side of the story to avoid a criminal record where you are seen as a violent person. Your reputation must be protected. More Expungements We can help you start fresh by cleaning up your criminal record. Your background check is important for employment, financial loans, and for your reputation. More Felony Charges We’ve handled serious and violent cases and our job is to help you avoid jail or prison time. Don’t keep your head in the sand. Call us now so you don’t have to figure it out on your own. More Misdemeanors If your reputation is on the line because of a misdemeanor charge, our team can help. There is no such thing as a minor criminal record. More Talk to your attorney now! Let’s talk now! A 30 minute phone call can give you peace of mind. More Our Attorneys Really Care and It Shows You’ll find a theme when you read our reviews online – we get the job done, we get it done right, and we treat our clients right. We help you to avoid the embarrassment of coming to court, the anxiety of standing in front of a judge and being seen as a criminal in a courtroom. A lot of times, we arrange for the judge to let us appear without you ever stepping foot into the courtroom. We see people come to court alone, without an attorney, and the stressful look on their face with sweaty palms as they navigate court alone. At Lamano Law Office, we hold your hand every step of the way and make sure you understand what to expect in court so you’re not left in the blind and can feel confident when we go to court on your behalf. We use a 150 point checklist in every case so no stone is left unturned in getting you the best possible outcome. Any defense we can use to fight your case is on our checklist so we are not shooting from the hip but rather attacking the holes in your police report with a strategic, proven, organized manner that has secured our law firm a 98% success rate of keeping our clients out of jail. We fight tooth and nail to defend you, your reputation, and your liberty. Talk to a Lawyer Now Our Attorneys Our Oakland criminal lawyers have a long track record of successfully resolving many types of charges. View all Attorneys Talk to a Lawyer Now What Our Clients Are Saying Our commitment to our Bay Area Community Lamano Law, based in Oakland, proudly represents the San Francisco Bay Area. Our commitment to the community begins in Oakland and reaches across Northern California. We actively support nonprofits and civic organizations, serving on boards, volunteering in prisons to aid reentry, donating a portion of our profits, and engaging in meaningful dialogues for positive change. Learn More About Our Involvement Our Office Locations Oakland Jack London Office 420 3rd Street Suite 250A Oakland, CA 94607 (510) 842-0750 Get Directions Oakland Downtown 1901 Harrison Street Suite 1100 Oakland CA 94612 (510) 842-0750 Get Directions Alameda Office 1101 Marina Village Parkway Unit 201 Alameda, CA 94501 (510) 842-0750 Get Directions Walnut Creek Office 1981 North Broadway Suite 440-A Walnut Creek, CA 94596 (925) 495-0707 Get Directions San Jose Office 6203 San Ignacio Ave #110 San Jose, CA 95119 (510) 842-0750 Get Directions ©2026 Lamano Law | Privacy Policy | Terms of Services | Cookie Policy | License#: 281435 Maintained by StateWP Lamano Law Office - Bay Area Criminal Defense is proudly powered by WordPress We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. Close GDPR Cookie Banner Accept Reject Close GDPR Cookie Banner ↓ GET STARTED (510) 824-4788 GET STARTED 97.2% Success Rate 100% Five Star Reviews on Google 88+ years of experience Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Analytics This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Save Settings
