Firm: Mowry Law Group
URL: https://www.mowrylawgroup.com/
Title: DUI & Criminal Defense Attorney | Mowry Law Group

DUI & Criminal Defense Attorney | Mowry Law Group top of page MLG Mowry Law Group (510) 542-9355 (408) 444-5442 Home About Practice Areas Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Representing clients charged with DUI, Felonies, and Misdemeanors in a ll Bay Area counties! Take your first step towards fighting your case! Call MLG Now! About About Us ​ Hitasha and Shawn Mowry are both accomplished attorneys with 18 years of combined experience representing clients in the Bay Area who are charged with crimes. Mowry Law Group is here to fight for you! ​ Being charged with a crime can be an extremely frightening and confusing time, leaving many people struggling to figure out where to start. ​ ​ If you are charged with a felony , contact us immediately so we can get started helping you get out of custody, stay out of custody and fight your case with the passion it deserves. ​ If you are charged with a misdemeanor , don't wait until your court date to contact an attorney. Call us today, and we will fight to make sure that your rights are protected and that you know all of the procedures involved in your case before your first day of court. ​ If you are charged with an infraction or traffic ticket , give us a call before your due date, so we can fight your ticket. Protect your record and stay on the road. Call a professional. Call MLG. ​ Let us take over worrying about your case. We are here to listen and to help! START HERE! Contact MLG Now! Hitasha Mowry Attorney "Defending the rights of my clients is not just my job, it is my calling" Hitasha Mowry was born in New Delhi, India and moved to the Bay Area when she was 7 years old. Upon completing high school, she obtained her Bachelor’s Degree from the University of California, Irvine. After taking a year to work at a Sidley Austin in San Francisco, Hitasha then went on to law school at Golden Gate University in San Francisco. Hitasha has been passionately representing those charged with crimes since she was first admitted to the California State Bar. Being an immigrant to the United States, Hitasha witnessed early on in her life the difficulties that immigrants face in this country, and this has fueled her passion to represent people from all walks of life as they face criminal charges. She feels a special connection to the large immigrant community in the Bay Area and is proud to say that she is a part of it. She is also very proud to defend the rights of immigrants in our community and works very hard to ensure they are given a fair shake in our criminal justice system. Hitasha is an experienced trial attorney and has been representing clients for nearly a decade. Hitasha is also fluent in Hindi, and speaks conversational Punjabi. Shawn Mowry Attorney "My passion for fighting back has always been my strongest quality" Shawn was born and raised in the Bay Area. Originally from Fremont, he attended UC Berkeley where he received a Bachelor’s degree in Political Science. Notably, Shawn was a very successful gymnast from an early age, competing numerous times at the Junior Olympic National Championships while in High School. He was recruited by many Universities for their Division I teams, but chose to stay in the Bay Area and competed 4 years on the UC Berkeley Men’s Gymnastics team. He was honored to serve as the team captain for two years and maintains close ties with those still associated with the program. Training and competing at a high level with several top 5 team finishes at the NCAA National Championships, Shawn is no stranger to the pressures and rigors of performance and competition. After college, Shawn attended the University of San Diego School of law where he earned his J.D. It was his time at USD where he discovered his true passion for criminal defense in his Lawyering Skills class and through mock trial. Following a brief internship at the San Francisco District Attorney’s office, Shawn began work as a criminal defense attorney and has been representing Bay Area residents and clients for over 9 years. Shawn is now an experienced trial attorney who regularly handles cases in all of the Bay Area counties. Practice Areas Practice Areas Whether you need an attorney to represent you in a DUI, a misdemeanor, a felony, post conviction relief, or a traffic ticket, the Mowry Law Group is here for you! Contact Us Now! DUI The morning after a DUI arrest can be very confusing. Once you leave the jail, you are hit with all kinds of information. You need an attorney that has all the answers, not just handouts. Rest assured, that if you place your trust in The Mowry Law Group, we will help you navigate all of the ins and outs associated with fighting your DUI. Whether you were arrested from DUI checkpoints, whether it was from a car accident, or if you were pulled over for a vehicle code violation, or no violation at all, we will represent your interests in court and at the DMV. Give us a call for a free consultation about your DUI. If you have a complicated legal question or if you just want to know what BAC stands for, give us a call and we will answer any and all questions you have about DUI law, what to expect in court, and how soon you need to call the DMV to request a hearing before your license goes into suspension. Don’t wait until your first day in court to give us a call, protect your rights and call MLG right now! MISDEMEANORS If you have been charged or cited for a misdemeanor violation, you probably already have a court date. Your alleged violation could be as simple as reckless driving, or it could be as serious as a battery or a third DUI. No matter what you are charged with, these are serious allegations that can change your life. Although misdemeanors may not carry prison time as a punishment, you could be facing a up to a year in county jail, several years of probation, and thousands of dollars in fines. Here at the Mowry Law Group, we take these cases very seriously and will work diligently to fight your misdemeanor case to keep you out of jail and home with your family. ​ Our attorneys can defend you against any type of misdemeanor charges, including: petty theft, ID theft, reckless driving, drunk in public, speed contest, resisting arrest, drug crimes, battery, domestic violence, restraining order violations, sex crimes, probation violations, illegal gambling, and more. Let us help you and contact us now! FELONIES A felony arrest is scary. Let the Mowry Law Group help you get through it. Call us immediately following the arrest to see if we can help you get out of jail without posting bail, or to see if we can involved early enough to ask the judge to reduce your bail or release you on your own recognizance (OR). We are here for you, regardless of the type of crime you are alleged to have committed. Don't face these charges alone - let MLG stand by your side. Call us before you make any statements and ensure that your rights are adequately protected. Our attorneys can represent you in a variety of felonies, including: theft, grand theft, ID theft, forgery, fraud, shoplifting, vehicle theft, possession of stolen property, 1st degree burglary, 2nd degree burglary, sales of controlled substances, grow houses, battery, assault, domestic violence, robbery, gun charges, felony DUIs, white collar crimes, probation violations, sex crimes, manslaughter and many other types of crimes. POST CONVICTION RELIEF Arrested for a misdemeanor or felony but no charges were ever filed? Have an old misdemeanor or felony on your record that you would like cleared, expunged, or reduced? ​ Call MLG today to speak with an attorney about getting your violation expunged, or your felony reduced to a misdemeanor (P.C. § 17(b)). Our attorneys handle record clearance motions (P.C. § 1203.4), petitions for early termination of probation (P.C. §1203.3), and petitions for record sealing (P.C. §851.91). TRAFFIC TICKETS The attorneys at the Mowry Law Group are among the most experienced traffic ticket lawyers you will find in the Bay Area. Having represented drivers for stop sign, speeding, suspended license, regulatory sign, and red light violations for years, we have familiarized ourselves with all of the possible defenses and strategies that work the best in all of the Bay Area counties. If you got a ticket, whether written by an officer, or in the mail from a red light camera, give us a call now. Don’t just pay tickets online. Give us a call and see what we can do to protect your driving record and keep you on the road. Rising insurance costs means that traffic tickets can cost you a lot more in the long run if you do not do something to protect your record. Don’t just call any traffic ticket lawyer. Give MLG a call and put an experienced criminal defense attorney on your side to fight your ticket. Contact Us Contact Us If you are ready to start fighting your case, don't wait. Contact us now for a free consultation! help@mowrylawgroup.com ​ Tel: 510-542-9355 Tel: 408-444-5442 Fax: 510-890-4271 Full Name Email Phone Number Message We will be in touch shortly! Submit Back to Top Disclaimer: The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your situation. Laws may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. You are welcome to contact us by phone, letter, and electronic mail. However, contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established. © 2020 by Mowry Law Group bottom of page
