Firm: Law Office of Gregory M. Alonzo
URL: https://www.alonzocriminaldefense.com/
Title: San Jose Criminal Defense Attorney | Santa Clara County

San Jose Criminal Defense Attorney | Santa Clara County Call 24/7 For A Free Initial Consultation 408-673-9124 Office Location 31 E. Julian St 2nd Floor San Jose, CA 95112 Home Firm Overview Solo Practitioner Testimonials Articles Criminal Law Blog Contact CONTACT Home Firm Overview Solo Practitioner Testimonials Articles Criminal Law Blog Contact Arrested? You Need An Attorney With Experience Don't wait to see what the police and prosecutor will do next. You need help now. Call my office at 408-673-9124 anytime of the day or night to start your criminal defense right away. "E Pluribus Unum" Compassionate, Powerful Legal Representation San Jose Criminal Defense Attorney The Law Office of Gregory M. Alonzo has provided high-quality legal services for both felonies and misdemeanors to clients for more than 35 years. As a San Jose criminal defense attorney, I am well-respected by judges and prosecutors alike. My reputation as a strong negotiator and aggressive advocate for the rights of the accused is well-known in the Santa Clara County court system. I understand the fear and uncertainty one feels when facing potential criminal charges. The consequences of a criminal conviction can be far-reaching with negative effects for years to come. I always advise clients to speak with an experienced attorney before speaking with anyone else regarding their cases. Contact me today for a free initial consultation. If you or a family member has been charged with a criminal offense of any kind, consulting an experienced criminal defense lawyer could be your best chance of getting the charges reduced or possibly even dismissed. Loading... Our Practice Areas Criminal Law Services Drug Crimes DUI/DWI Sex Crimes Theft Crimes Deadly Weapons Domestic Violence, Battery & Assault Record Clearance, Post-Conviction Relief & Immigration Issues Second and Third Strikes I represent clients in a broad spectrum of felony and misdemeanor criminal allegations, including: DUI defense : A drunk driving charge on your record can mean harsh penalties, driver’s license suspension and a mark on your record that will last for years. I will fight aggressively to help you get the best possible outcome, including options for helping you avoid a conviction. Drug charges : Whether you are facing a felony charge for possession of cocaine or other dangerous illegal drugs or a misdemeanor charge for marijuana possession, a narcotics charge on your record will have a lasting impact on your public record. Assault and violent crimes : From domestic violence charges to felony assault, weapons charges and sex offenses, I will work aggressively to protect your rights and your freedom. Theft and property crimes : Whether you have been charged with burglary, breaking and entering, robbery or shoplifting, you need aggressive protection of your rights. Protecting You From California’s Three Strikes Law California is a three strikes state. If you have already been convicted of a felony, you need an attorney who understands how high the stakes are for a potential second or third ‘strike’ against you. I will do everything possible and pursue every strategy to help you avoid a strike against your record. Contact A Santa Clara County Criminal Lawyer If you need an experienced defense lawyer, contact the Law Office of Gregory M. Alonzo or call 408-673-9124 24 hours a day. By combining my knowledge of the law and experience in the California criminal justice system, I am able to provide clients with an accurate assessment of their cases in a calm, nonjudgmental approach. I can be contacted both evenings and weekends and am accessible to you throughout the entire process. Contact Us For An Initial Consultation Contact Us Office Location: 31 E. Julian St 2nd Floor San Jose, CA 95112 San Jose Office Location map of San Jose office location Office Numbers: Phone: 408-673-9124 Fax: 408-279-4008 Review Us © 2026 Law Office of Gregory M. Alonzo • All Rights Reserved Disclaimer | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Business Development Solutions by FindLaw
