Firm: Law Office of E. Michael Linscheid
URL: https://www.linscheidlaw.com/
Title: San Francisco Defense Attorney For DUI, Drug Crimes & Assault San Francisco Defense Attorney For DUI, Drug Crimes & Assault

San Francisco Defense Attorney For DUI, Drug Crimes & Assault San Francisco Defense Attorney For DUI, Drug Crimes & Assault Call Now For A Personalized Confidential Consultation! Menu Home About Attorney Practice Areas Criminal Defense Driving Under The Influence (DUI) An Overview Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) Post-conviction Relief And Record Clearance Writs & Appeals Fish and Wildlife (Code Violations and Appeals) Traffic Offenses Videos Criminal Defense Videos – Law Office of E. Michael Linscheid. Traffic Offenses Videos DUI Defense Videos Fish And Wildlife Violations Videos Testimonials Client Testimonials Attorney Endorsements FAQs Criminal Defense FAQs Criminal Records Clearance & Expungement FAQs DUI FAQs Fishing And Wildlife FAQs Traffic Offense FAQs Blog Articles Contact Us Call Now For A Personalized Confidential Consultation! (415) 782-6002 Hablamos Español Home About Attorney Practice Areas Criminal Defense Driving Under The Influence (DUI) An Overview Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) Post-conviction Relief And Record Clearance Writs & Appeals Fish and Wildlife (Code Violations and Appeals) Traffic Offenses Videos Criminal Defense Videos – Law Office of E. Michael Linscheid. Traffic Offenses Videos DUI Defense Videos Fish And Wildlife Violations Videos Testimonials Client Testimonials Attorney Endorsements FAQs Criminal Defense FAQs Criminal Records Clearance & Expungement FAQs DUI FAQs Fishing And Wildlife FAQs Traffic Offense FAQs Blog Articles Contact Us Protecting Your Freedom & Defending Your Rights Schedule Personalized Confidential Consultation! Experienced, Committed And Effective Defense Of The Criminally Accused Schedule Personalized Confidential Consultation! Contact The Law Office Of E. Michael Linscheid To Get The Answers And Advice You Need. We Are Reachable At (415) 782-6002 CALL Now Alameda County Criminal Defense Attorney Based In San Francisco The Law Office of E. Michael Linscheid provides aggressive and effective representation to the accused. Michael Linscheid has more than twenty years experience defending the rights of the accused in trial and appellate courts and in administrative proceedings throughout California State courts and in federal courts. Michael Linscheid is a full service criminal defense attorney with experience defending the accused in a variety of criminal cases in both federal and state courts. Mr. Linscheid’s experience ranges from defending individuals charged with serious felony offenses to Vehicle Code violations. In addition, Mr. Linscheid has assisted individuals with clearing their records, including record expungements, certificates of rehabilitation and pardons. Who You Choose Matters When your future is at stake, it may seem as if the odds are stacked against you. You may think that there are no options and that the prosecution always wins. However, this could not be further from the truth. There is one integral step you can take that can significantly impact the outcome of your circumstance. If you have been charged with a crime, enlisting the right legal representation can drastically improve your chances of getting your charges reduced, dropped, or eliminated. In other words, you need a criminal defense lawyer who is well-versed in the law, and who is familiar with the judges and prosecutors in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and throughout Northern California’s court system. At the Law Office of E. Michael Linscheid, Attorney Linscheid has years of experience helping clients overcome complex legal issues and criminal charges at the state and federal level. As an accomplished criminal defense lawyer, Attorney Linscheid has represented clients with DUIs, drug offenses, fraud, theft, assault, domestic violence, fish and wildlife violations, homicide, and other crimes. Attorney Linscheid has gained the skills, knowledge, and expertise required to provide exceptional results. Through thorough preparation and excellent problem-solving strategies, Attorney Linscheid and his team can help you achieve a successful outcome. Our Practice Areas Criminal Defense Driving Under The Influence (DUI) Post-conviction Relief And Record Clearance Writs & Appeals Fish And Wildlife (Code Violations & Appeals) Traffic Offenses Criminal Defense It is evident that a criminal charge is not a matter to be taken lightly. If you have been charged with a crime, there is no time to waste. It is imperative that you seek representation from a qualified criminal defense lawyer. With so much on the line, a criminal defense lawyer, such as Attorney Linscheid, can help explain the entire process and provide an honest assessment of your case. Therefore, it is essential to avoid making the mistake of choosing someone who is not the right fit and who does not have the capability to represent you properly. Being accused of a crime can be a stressful and frightening ordeal, especially if it is a first-time offense. The consequences can be dire, and you cannot afford any errors or oversights in a criminal defense case. A criminal conviction can create irreparable damage in your life. In addition to a criminal record, serving time in jail, and having to pay substantial fines, you could end up losing your employment, driver’s license, and professional license. Further, it can be difficult to rent a home or obtain new employment. These consequences can have a long-lasting effect on your life, and it could be many years until some form of normalcy can be attained. It is crucial to consult with a criminal defense lawyer about solutions that can lessen or clear away adverse ramifications. Whether you are a target suspect in a police investigation or have been arrested and charged with a misdemeanor or a felony, you have options. Most importantly, you have rights. It is important to remember that you have the right to choose your legal defense, and that you are not guilty of any crime until proven beyond a reasonable doubt. At the Law Office of E. Michael Linscheid, Attorney Linscheid will take the time to develop a legal strategy to either mitigate the charges obtained or get the case dismissed altogether. Client Testimonials “Outstanding Criminal Attorney Who Really Cares About Clients - Barrister Michael was so helpful in resolving a legal matter of mine. He was professional, affable, humble, and very patient (especially in answering a myriad of questions I had about my case). Michael is an attorney I would recommend to anyone without reservation. He is a credit to his profession.” – Anthony Read More Subscribe To Our Monthly Newsletter Please provide your name and email address to subscribe to our monthly newsletter. Submit Schedule Personalized Confidential Consultation! Name Email Phone I Need Help With Select one from below list Criminal Defense Driving Under The Influence (DUI) Post-conviction Relief And Record Clearance Writs & Appeals Fish And Wildlife (Code Violations & Appeals) Traffic Offenses How Can We Help You? Get Help Now Office Locations San Francisco Office Law Chambers Building 345 Franklin Street San Francisco, CA 94102 Phone: (415) 782-6002 Fax: (510) 451-2011 Get Directions Oakland Office Rotunda Building 300 Frank H. Ogawa Plaza Suite 237 Oakland, CA 94612 Phone: (415) 782-6002 Fax: (510) 451-2011 Get Directions Home Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us Legal Marketing Payment Plans Available We Accept All Major Credit Cards Copyright©2026, Law Office of E. Michael Linscheid. All Rights Reserved. × Download Coming Soon Check Back Shortly Close
