Firm: Nolan Barton Olmos & Luciano LLP
URL: https://www.nbo.law/
Title: Nolan Barton Olmos & Luciano

Nolan Barton Olmos & Luciano Client Services Practice Areas Attorneys Dan Barton Daniel Olmos Trisha Luciano Huan-Ting Wu 吳奐廷 Abbee Cox Christopher Wheless Eden Rose Niles Evan Greenberg About Us About Barton About Olmos Tom Nolan Legacy Opinions News Legal Glossary Contact Español Español Glosario Legal Bilingüe 繁體中文 简体中文 Nolan Barton Olmos & Luciano Client Services Practice Areas Attorneys Dan Barton Daniel Olmos Trisha Luciano Huan-Ting Wu 吳奐廷 Abbee Cox Christopher Wheless Eden Rose Niles Evan Greenberg About Us About Barton About Olmos Tom Nolan Legacy Opinions News Legal Glossary Contact Español Español Glosario Legal Bilingüe 繁體中文 简体中文 Nolan Barton Olmos & Luciano is a Silicon Valley law firm devoted exclusively to representing individuals and corporations accused of crimes. We are proud to provide high quality representation tailored to our clients' individual needs. Trisha Luciano Partner Huan -Ting (Ting) Wu Associate Attorney Evan Greenberg Of Counsel Emphasis on motion & appellate matters. Abbee Cox Associate Attorney Eden Rose “Petal” Niles Associate Attorney Daniel Olmos Partner From his work in the White House to representing alleged spies, Daniel has dedicated his career to ensuring a fair criminal justice system. Daniel Barton Partner With an aptitude for science and storytelling, Dan has risen from summer intern to managing partner at NBOL. Christopher Wheless Associate Attorney Practice Areas White Collar Homicide, Murder & Vehicular Manslaughter DUI – Driving Under the Influence Domestic Violence Mental Health & the Criminal Courts Sexual Offenses Drug Crimes Theft and Fraud Assault and Battery Felonies and Misdemeanors Three Strikes Motion Practice and Unlawful Searches Juvenile Proceedings Stanford Disciplinary Matters Criminal Appeals Reducing the Consequences of an Arrest or Conviction Post-Conviction Relief for Immigration Purposes Terminating Sex Offender Registration Witness and Suspect Representation ﻿ In addition to taking on complex cases, we offer legal services to the local community. In addition to taking on complex cases, we offer legal services to the local community. In addition to taking on complex cases, we offer legal services to the local community. Memoriam In Memory of Thomas J. Nolan, Founding Partner Read Tom Nolan’s Legacy → Journal We’re all storytellers. We’re all like-minded... This office does an amazing job at getting to know our clients and trying to figure out what it is that got them here. Read Full Article + Contact Palo Alto Office 600 University Avenue Palo Alto, California 94301 Telephone (650) 326–2980 Fax (650) 326–9704 Email [email protected] Davis Office 432 D Street Davis, California 95616 Telephone (650) 326–2980 Fax (650) 326–9704 Email [email protected] Together the partners at Nolan Barton Olmos & Luciano have over 70 years of experience in criminal defense practice. The entire firm collaborates on every case so that each attorney can contribute their expertise. Disclaimer / This web site is provided in part as a public resource for general information. The information contained herein is not intended to serve as legal advice or as a guarantee, warranty, or prediction regarding the outcome of any particular legal matter. The information is subject to change at any time and may be incomplete and/or may contain errors. you should not rely upon the information contained on these web pages without first consulting a qualified attorney. Unsolicited emails and information do not create an attorney-client relationship with Nolan Barton Olmos & Luciano, LLP ©2024, all rights reserved.
