Firm: The Maher Law Group
URL: https://www.themaherlawgroup.com/
Title: Fairfield Criminal Defense Lawyer | The Maher Law Group, APC

Fairfield Criminal Defense Lawyer | The Maher Law Group, APC Skip to Content Reviews Blog FAQ In the Media Call Us Today! 888-744-3057 Home About Us Vincent R. Maher Hannah Molinar What To Do After an Arrest Criminal Defense Assault & Battery Appeals Domestic Violence Restraining Orders DUI Defense Breath & Blood Tests Multiple DUI Defense Underage DUI First Offense DUI Extreme DUI Felony DUI Drug Crimes Possession Drug Trafficking & Distribution Drug DUI Drug Distribution Gang Cases Homicide Juvenile Crimes Sex Crimes Prostitution Rape Sexual Assault Solicitation Child Pornography Theft Crimes Burglary Three Strikes Law White Collar Crimes Embezzlement Felonies Misdemeanors Why Hire Us? Contact Us Close Search Home About Us Main Menu Vincent R. Maher Hannah Molinar What To Do After an Arrest Criminal Defense Main Menu Assault & Battery Appeals Domestic Violence Restraining Orders DUI Defense Breath & Blood Tests Multiple DUI Defense Underage DUI First Offense DUI Extreme DUI Felony DUI Drug Crimes Possession Drug Trafficking & Distribution Drug DUI Drug Distribution Gang Cases Homicide Juvenile Crimes Sex Crimes Prostitution Rape Sexual Assault Solicitation Child Pornography Theft Crimes Burglary Three Strikes Law White Collar Crimes Embezzlement Felonies Misdemeanors Why Hire Us? Reviews Blog Main Menu 2026 February January 2025 December September 2023 May 2017 January 2016 December November August June March January 2015 December FAQ Contact Us In the Media Contact Us Call Us Today! Follow Us Free Consultation Top LET US FIGHT FOR YOU Get aggressive defense representation from our Board Certified Attorney. We will protect your rights and won’t rest until we have saved your future, freedom and reputation! Start Your Defense Today! Fairfield Criminal Defense Attorney Proudly Serving the Following Counties, Solano, Contra Costa, Napa & Yolo If you are facing a criminal charge in Fairfield, Contra Costa, Napa, Yolo, or Solano County, then you urgently need a persuasive and aggressive criminal defense lawyer. With The Maher Law Group, APC, you can benefit from the dedicated advocacy of an attorney who has been included in the National Trial Lawyers Top 100 and who is one of the rare criminal lawyers in the state to be a specialist certified by the California State Bar . Whatever misdemeanor or felony charge you face, our team knows what it takes to win a dismissal or acquittal for your criminal case. We have experience handling a wide variety of criminal cases, including violent crimes, drug offenses, theft crimes, assault and battery, domestic violence, driving under the influence of drugs/alcohol (DUI- DUID ), and more. Our team acts quickly to begin building a solid defense aimed at protecting your rights, your future, and your freedom. We know what is at stake, and we are prepared to fight for you. Your initial consultation is completely free and entirely confidential. If you or your loved one is facing criminal charges, reach out to us as soon as possible to speak to a skilled and aggressive criminal defense attorney. Have you been arrested ? Call The Maher Law Group, APC, today at (888) 744-3057 or contact us online to schedule a free consultation with our criminal defense lawyer in Fairfield. Continue Reading Read Less Our Dedicated Practice Areas Assault & Battery Domestic Violence DUI Defense Drug Crimes Gang Cases Homicide Juvenile Crimes Sex Crimes Theft Crimes Three Strikes Law White Collar Crimes Restraining Orders View All Practice Areas Why Hire Maher Law? Learn More What to Do After an Arrest? Learn More Our Firm in the Media Learn More Why Clients Choose to Work With Us No matter the charge, the Contra Costa County criminal attorneys at The Maher Law Group, APC will ensure that you get the best defense possible. We will battle to protect your every legal right and tirelessly protect your reputation and freedom. Our firm has experience defending virtually every type of criminal charge in existence; therefore, we have the knowledge, tenacity, and drive to deliver powerhouse defense, whether you face charges of a white collar crime, drunk driving, a sex crime, or homicide. Please don’t hesitate to discover how our awarded, client-dedicated team can fight for you. We offer a free initial consultation to go over your case and options with you. Contact Vincent R. Maher at The Maher Law Group, APC. Proudly Serving the following counties, Solano, Contra Costa, Napa & Yolo View All Reviews "Best attorney" Did an amazing job with my case would recommend him to anyone!!!! - Alyssa Gastelum "Not just an attorney but a human being that will fight for you until the end." I was falsely accused of domestic violence Vince and his team fought every step of the way. We had to go to trial and this man is a bad ass lawyer. Jury loved everything he said. The man knows people and what to say. Jury had a verdict in 10minutes. Not Guilty!!! If you wanna walk you better let Vince talk baby!!!! - Kenya Cole "Don’t Hesitate, Call Vince!" After one phone call with Vince he set me at ease and told me what he planned to do- And he delivered! Vince was able to get all charges dropped before even entering the courtroom. - Satisfied Client "I would highly recommend" Mr. Maher stayed in contact with me throughout the whole process and was able to dismiss my case. He is very knowledgeable and made me feel at ease. I would highly recommend him to anyone. - Lorri "Great Proffessional Defense Attorney" Awesome Attorney. Handled my DUI case very professionally. Very easy to talk to. Related well and understood my needs. I was facing a 3 year prison sentence for a DUI. Had 5 priors. Walked out with just a driving on suspended and probation. I would highly recommend him to anyone that seeks an intelligent defense attorney.. - Nisheel Kumar "Great Attorney!!" Vince has come to the aid of my family a couple of times and accomplished what we needed quickly and professionally! He always follows through which is so awesome!! No waiting days for a return call! He does what he says!! He will always be my first call!! - Lorelei Welch "He was able to get my case completely dismissed!" Mr. Maher was excellent, I met with him twice and we worked out my situation where I had been accused of furnishing alcohol to a minor. My visit with Mr. Maher was very personable and pleasant and I felt confident he was going to be able to help me when I left his office. Ultimately, he was able to get my case completely dismissed! I am 100% satisfied with his work and would recommend to anyone in this type of situation. - Previous Client "I didn’t think I had a chance but Vince found a way. All charges Dismissed." If you go with anyone else you are making a mistake. This man is like God in the courtroom. Everybody bows down to him. He is smart and knows the law, and when it’s time to make a move he “check mates” ... I didn’t think I had a chance but Vince found a way. All charges Dismissed. - Todd What Makes Us Different? 20 Years of Experience With two decades of dedicated practice, we bring deep knowledge, skill, and expertise to every case we handle, ensuring you have an experienced advocate by your side. Free Consultations in Person or Remote We make it easy for you to get started by offering complimentary consultations, whether you prefer to meet face-to-face or connect remotely for your convenience. Board Certified As board-certified professionals, we meet the highest standards of excellence in our field, providing you with the confidence that your case is in the hands of true experts. Top 100 Trial Lawyer (NTLA) Recognized as one of the National Trial Lawyers' Top 100, our proven track record demonstrates exceptional advocacy and results for our clients. Certified Specialist in Criminal Law As board-certified professionals, we meet the highest standards of excellence in our field, providing you with the confidence that your case is in the hands of true experts. Over 140 Jury Trials Successfully Handled Our extensive courtroom experience, with over 140 successful jury trials, ensures you have a seasoned advocate fighting for the best possible outcome in your case. Contact Us Today Get Award-Winning Defense Today First Name Please enter your first name. Last Name Please enter your last name. Phone Please enter your phone number. This isn't a valid phone number. Email Please enter your email address. This isn't a valid email address. Are you a new client? Yes, I am a potential new client No, I'm a current existing client I'm neither. Please make a selection. How can we help you? Please enter a message. By submitting, you agree to receive text messages from The Maher Law Group, APC at the number provided, including those related to your inquiry, follow-ups, and review requests, via automated technology. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Msg & data rates may apply. Msg frequency may vary. Reply STOP to cancel or HELP for assistance. Acceptable Use Policy Send Message FAQ Common Answers To Your Questions What rights do I have during my California arrest? When arrested, you may wish to remain silent. Frequently, a criminal defendant wants to talk to the police and tell his or her side of the story. Since you don't know what information law enforcement already has, you may unintentionally be doing more damage to your case than good by filling in blanks. If law enforcement attempts to question you while you are in custody, you should be read a list of rights, known as "Miranda Rights," as follows: By hiring a reliable criminal defense attorney, such as those at The Maher Law Group, APC, your rights will be fully protected. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided free of charge prior to questioning. Having these rights in mind, do you want to talk to us? How much do you charge for attorney representation? Fees vary from case to case, depending on time requirements, the severity of charges, and degree of complexity. Of greater importance is the comfort level you have when selecting a criminal defense attorney. What areas of California criminal defense do you cover? All of the areas of the law we cover are listed on the services page here. Can traffic violations become California criminal offenses? ​​​​​​​The answer depends on whether or not your traffic violation led to serious harm, injury, or property damage. If so, you could be charged with a California misdemeanor - or even a felony. The following crimes could lead to California criminal offenses: DUI (driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol) Evading police officers Death or great bodily injuries that happened in conjunction with your traffic violation Reckless driving Hit-and-Runs And more What is the difference between grand theft and petty theft? California grand theft includes any crime involving the theft of property whose value exceeds $400; otherwise, in most cases, the theft is charged as California petty theft. Both grand theft and petty theft can be charged as either a felony or misdemeanor; this decision will be made by the prosecutor assigned to your case. View All FAQ Contact 888-744-3057 Address 724 Texas Street Fairfield, CA 94533 Map & Directions Links Home About Us Criminal Defense Why Hire Us? Contact Us Site Map Follow Us The information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. This information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship. © 2026 All Rights Reserved. Your Privacy Choices Site Map Privacy Policy Site Search
