Firm: The Pakneshan Firm
URL: https://baydefense.com/
Title: The Pakneshan Firm

The Pakneshan Firm Home The Firm Attorney Profile Practice Areas Contact Us Call 24/7 Weekends & Holidays (415) 293-8454 free & confidential consultation Facing Criminal Prosecution? Put an experienced former prosecutor on your side. FREE CASE CONSULTATION 5.0 Read all 34 reviews 20+ Years of Criminal & DUI Defense Experience 1,000+ Cases and Clients Helped Providing Clients With The Highest Quality Legal Representation The Pakneshan Firm is dedicated to representing clients accused, investigated or charged in state and federal criminal and administrative matters. The Pakneshan Firm is a Bay Area criminal and DUI law firm which has the experience, expertise and resources to handle all phases of your case. Our firm represents clients in Alameda, Contra Costa, San Francisco, Marin, Napa, Sonoma, Solano, Santa Clara, San Mateo, Yolo, Placer and Sacramento counties. about the firm We Handle All Types Of Criminal And DUI Matters As a former Deputy District Attorney, Pezhman Pakneshan has prosecuted thousands of cases ranging from misdemeanors to serious felonies. all practice areas DUI & Alcohol Offenses Crimes Of Violence Theft Crimes Drug Crimes Firearm Crimes Driving Crimes White Collar Crimes Other Crimes Criminal Record Clearance Experienced Criminal Defense And DUI Attorney As a prosecutor, Mr. Pakneshan handled over 1,000 DUI cases. Now, he specializes in DUI defense. Over the years, he has received extensive training by the California Department of Justice, Bureau of Forensic Services, in all aspects of DUI cases. That extensive training included alcohol extrapolation studies, as well as EPAS and Intoxilyzer analysis. He has also received extensive training and has experience handling DUI cases involving prescription medications and illegal drugs. attorney profile “My experience with Pezhman as my lawyer was nothing but great. I was arrested on a few criminal charges and Pezhman helped me feel reassured and less stressed about my case from the beginning. He’s an intelligent and knowledgeable lawyer and choosing him as your attorney is a choice you will not regret ! If I ever would recommend an attorney to someone or if I ever needed an attorney again in the future, Pezhman would definitely be a first choice!” — Be. S. “Pezhman is a good man! He’s very bright, and a very sharp and helpful lawyer. Pezhman worked with me regarding a very serious legal matter, and I could not have asked for a better attorney. I highly recommend him for criminal defense matters.” — Martin G. “Mr. Pakneshan is a great attorney with a vast amount of knowledge and experience. He was able to answer all my questions in a timely matter and listened to all my concerns with a professional attitude. I highly recommend his services.” — Sergio O. view more reviews Why Choose The Pakneshan Firm Best Possible Legal Representation Knowing how the prosecutor thinks gives him the opportunity to develop an effective defense designed to counter the government’s strategy. Proven Track Record Time and again, Mr. Pakneshan has gained dismissals, acquittals and reductions for his clients. Experienced And Aggressive Judges and prosecutors respect him because he knows exactly how the system works and he never allows them to take advantage of his clients. Call 24/7 Weekends & Holidays (415) 293-8454 free & confidential consultation Request A Free Consultation If you have been arrested, or know someone who has, now is the time to call. Hire an experienced and aggressive criminal defense attorney who understands the law and knows what it takes to get you the best possible results. " * " indicates required fields LinkedIn This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * Email * Phone * Describe your case CAPTCHA Δ San Francisco (Main Office) Send Correspondence to San Francisco Office: 50 California Street Suite 1500 San Francisco, CA 94111 Map & Directions Call 24/7 Weekends & Holidays (415) 293-8454 free & confidential consultation Santa Clara County 2033 Gateway Place San Jose, CA 95110 Map & Directions Alameda County 1901 Harrison Street Oakland, CA 94612 Map & Directions Contra Costa County 1255 Treat Boulevard Walnut Creek, CA 94597 Map & Directions Marin County 4040 Civic Center Drive San Rafael, CA 94903 Map & Directions © 2026 The Pakneshan Firm. All rights reserved. Disclaimer Privacy Policy Sitemap Law Firm Websites Design
