Firm: Tully & Weiss Attorneys at Law
URL: https://tully-weiss.com/
Title: California Criminal Defense Attorney & Law Firm - Tully & Weiss Attorneys at Law

California Criminal Defense Attorney & Law Firm - Tully & Weiss Attorneys at Law × Home Practice Areas Bank Fraud Criminal Defense Civil Harassment Restraining Order DUI Domestic Violence Restraining Order Drug Crimes Cannabis Law Drug Trafficking Methamphetamine Crimes Domestic Violence Gun Crimes Murder & Manslaughter Record Expungement Sex Crimes Lewd Conduct Rape Statutory Rape Sex Offender Registration White Collar Crimes RICO – Racketeering Conspiracy Medicare Fraud Mortgage Fraud Bribery Whistleblower Protection Workplace Violence Restraining Order In the News Blog About Meet the Team Careers Trial Victories Why Choose Us? Redding Criminal Lawyer Areas Served Reviews Contact × Home Practice Areas Bank Fraud Criminal Defense Civil Harassment Restraining Order DUI Domestic Violence Restraining Order Drug Crimes Cannabis Law Drug Trafficking Methamphetamine Crimes Domestic Violence Gun Crimes Murder & Manslaughter Record Expungement Sex Crimes Lewd Conduct Rape Statutory Rape Sex Offender Registration White Collar Crimes RICO – Racketeering Conspiracy Medicare Fraud Mortgage Fraud Bribery Whistleblower Protection Workplace Violence Restraining Order In the News Blog About Meet the Team Careers Trial Victories Why Choose Us? Redding Criminal Lawyer Areas Served Reviews Contact Call Us (844) 788-9700 Schedule Consultation Thinking of hiring Tully & Weiss? See why they are a trusted name in criminal defense. Thinking of hiring Tully & Weiss? See why they are a trusted name in criminal defense. ≡ Menu Menu Call Criminal Defense since 2001 Attorneys At Law We are battle tested and have proven Results Strategic Defense for Every Step of Your Case 85+ Jury Trials, 85%+ WON Never lost a domestic violence case at trial Never lost a cannabis case at trial 11/12 murder cases WON our practice areas Murder & Manslaughter Murder & Manslaughter Gun Crimes Gun Crimes Domestic Violence Domestic Violence Cannabis Law Cannabis Law Drug Offenses Drug Offenses Criminal Defense Criminal Defense California Record Expungement California Record Expungement DUI DUI Sex Offenses Sex Offenses View All Past Case Examples Past results are NOT a guarantee of future performance. Each case presents its own unique facts and no two cases are alike. Gun Crimes Domestic Violence Cannabis Law Gun Crimes Assault with a firearm, a landmark Stand Your Ground case in California. Not Guilty . Gun Crimes Carrying a concealed weapon, resisting arrest. Not Guilty of the first count, dismissal of remaining charges during the trial. Gun Crimes Drive-by shooting with two accounts of attempted murder. Dismissal of all charges . Domestic Violence Domestic violence, assault and battery causing great bodily harm, not guilty on all charges. Domestic Violence Domestic violence, physical child abuse, Not Guilty on all charges. Domestic Violence Domestic violence, child cruelty, possession of illegal assault weapon, illegally possessing large capacity magazine. Fully exonerated on all charges by either not guilty or dismissal. Marijuana Results Marijuana possession with intent to sell, Not Guilty on all charges Cannabis Law Marijuana sale, possession, conspiracy, Dismissal of all charges at trial Cannabis Law Marijuana Cultivation, Dismissal of all charges View Our Results Committed to Justice, Driven by Results Tully & Weiss Attorneys at Law California Criminal Defense Attorneys with Offices Covering the Bay Area, NorCal, Fresno, LA/OC, and ALL of California over 25 years’ experience Our law firm primarily represents individuals under criminal investigation or prosecution. Each member of our firm has a reputation for aggressive defense, hard work, and courtroom success. Tully Weiss has a superb level of criminal trial experience including rough and complex trials against shrewd prosecutors in front of tough juries. Tully & Weiss has a superb level of criminal trial experience including rough and complex trials against shrewd prosecutors who all too often are driven more by “winning” than justice, in front of judges who, if they are not outright biased in the first place, face economic and political pressure to side with them, all in front of skeptical juries who have been brainwashed and programmed by countless TV shows and sensationalized news reports to believe that any one who is in court is guilty and is trying to get off on a “technicality” or by fooling the jury. At Tully & Weiss we know there is ALWAYS a defense. Call our criminal lawyers from anywhere in California for the high-quality representation you deserve. We cover the state from our six offices serving all 58 counties, as well as Federal court. Our team cares about you and we ALWAYS fight back. Defense attorney Joseph Tully is a legal author and expert for national media outlets, and assembled an aggressive team of investigators, lawyers, and paralegals. They work together as a super team that delivers high-quality representation with a great record of positive outcomes. Call Tully & Weiss and their experienced team of felony criminal lawyers if you are charged with a crime in the Bay Area, Northern California, Fresno, Los Angeles, Orange County, or anywhere in California. Our complete focus will be on keeping you out of jail and minimizing the effect of criminal charges on your career, family, and future. The sooner you call, the quicker our team can get ahead of the case and fight for your rights. Schedule Consultation 2013 Our Firm in the News 2024 In the News In the News Our Impact in the Headlines Girlfriend Girlfriend Accused in Boston Police Officer’s Death June 14, 2024 Justin Justin Timberlake DWI case August 2, 2024 Marcia Marcia Thompson Defending Herself In Husband’s Shooting July 18, 2024 East Bay East Bay man not guilty in ‘stand your ground’ shooting June 23, 2014 Actor Actor EDWARD FURLONG Avoids Jail July 1, 2013 Meet Joseph Tully Experienced & Aggressive California Defense Lawyers Focused on Your Liberty I’m Joseph Tully and for the last 25 years, I’ve developed Tully & Weiss into a top criminal defense law firm built on effectiveness, honesty, and integrity. In 1999, when I started my career as a public defender I witnessed unbelievable system-wide injustice. I dreamed of changing things for the better by building a law firm that could fight the “machine,” that our modern criminal justice system has become. A system that all too often stomps and tramples your rights on the way to railroading you into a conviction. To be effective and affordable, I hired great, hard-working people who are driven by a sense of Justice. We methodically approach each one of our cases and practice our skills relentlessly. While no one who’s truly fighting can win them all, I’ll put our results and our successes against any other defense attorney in the country. We take our jobs very seriously and we take great care in guiding our clients through what is often the most challenging time of their lives. Meet Our Lawyers Recognizing Excellence and Achievement Top 10 Most Influential People in Legal Services – CIO Magazine, 2023 Schedule Consultation view more What Our Clients Are Saying View All Testimonials Rating On Google Reviews I waited a Long time before taking care of a problem that has haunted me for many years. I finally reached out to Joseph and was treated with compassion and kindness , Like he was honest and you could tell he really is in this to help people. Thank you so much for going to bat for me and hitting… Michael Haroldson I had the pleasure of working with Ashley B. regarding the expungement of my criminal record in my quest to regain the ability to travel to Canada after being convicted of a wet reckless back in 2016. She was very knowledgeable and easy to work with for every step of the process. The entire process took about 2 months from… T T Alan Kagawa was our attorney and we were so lucky to have him! He is an incredible man, human being: extremely intelligent, honest, and professional. He put his time and best effort to win our case. There're no words to describe how happy we were! G. S. purchase now Congratulations! Joseph Tully Our Story in the Spotlight California Felony Procedure: Criminal Defense Attorney Joseph Tully Watch More Video Video Video play Attorney Joseph Tully on Fox News discussing liability in Titanic sub tragedy play Criminal Defense Attorney Joseph Tully on UK Talk TV discussing Uvalde TX Shooting play Analysis: Hunter Biden Special Investigator. Joseph Tully on Scripps News Tonight CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEYS SERVING ALL ACROSS CALIFORNIA east bay 713 Main St., Martinez, CA 94553 Local: (925) 229-9700 Toll Free: (844) 788-9700 fresno 1340 Van Ness, Fresno, CA 93721 Local: (559) 888-9700 Toll Free: (844) 788-9700 norcal 1708 Placer St., Redding, CA 96001 Local: (530) 999-9700 Toll Free: (844) 788-9700 sacramento 900 G St., Suite 300 Sacramento, CA 95814 Local: (916) 999-9700 Toll Free: (844) 788-9700 san francisco 377 West Portal, Ste. B, San Francisco, CA 94127 Local: (415) 942-9700 Toll Free: (844) 788-9700 la/oc 220 S. PCH, Ste. 106, Redondo Beach, CA 90277 Local: (424) 383-9700 Toll Free: (844) 788-9700 Schedule a Free Consultation Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Please select a stage for your case * Under Investigation Arrested Charged Post-conviction Other How Can We Assist?* Disclaimer | Privacy Policy Disclaimer: The use of the internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form. * I Have Read The Disclaimer * SMS Opt-in * SMS Opt-in * Home Practice Areas In the News Blog About Contact Call Us Now (844) 788-9700 Send Text The information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. This information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute an attorney-client relationship. Please read our Full Disclaimer. Schedule Consultation Follow Us fb yt twt insta lin © 2026 Tully & Weiss Attorneys at Law. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map | Privacy Policy Digital Marketing By https://www.tully-weiss.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/Attorney-Joseph-Tully-on-Fox-News-discussing-liability-in-Titanic-sub-tragedy.mp4 https://www.tully-weiss.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/Criminal-Defense-Attorney-Joseph-Tully-on-UK-Talk-TV-discussing-Uvalde-TX-Shooting.mp4 https://www.tully-weiss.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/Analysis_-Hunter-Biden-Special-Investigator.-Joseph-Tully-on-Scripps-News-Tonight-August-11-2023.mp4
