Firm: Law Office of Orchid Vaghti
URL: https://www.orchidvaghticriminaldefense.com/
Title: Criminal Defense Law Santa Rosa CA, Law Office of Orchid Vaghti

Criminal Defense Law Santa Rosa CA, Law Office of Orchid Vaghti Skip to main content Click for menu Law Office of Orchid Vaghti Click to call our office Law Office of Orchid Vaghti Home Attorney Profile Practice Areas Contact Specializing in Excellent Legal Representation Our mission is to provide caring, vigorous, and individualized representations to our clients. Every set of circumstances is different and every case needs a defense that is specific to the accused, and the facts. The Law Office of Orchid Vaghti provides the best legal representation for the worst situations. Law Office of Orchid Vaghti Phone Number If you or a loved one needs legal representation, please call: (707) 595-0912 Schedule Your Appointment Today 880 Second Street Santa Rosa, CA 95404 Law Office of Orchid Vaghti Phone Number (707) 595-0912 Contact Located near downtown Santa Rosa, the Law Office of Orchid Vaghti has regular business hours but we understand that emergencies rarely happen between nine and five, and are flexible with arranging times that [...] Attorney Profile Orchid Vaghti comes from a tradition of the strong legal advocacy and ethics, having started her career in criminal defense law at the age of sixteen. Home A Criminal Defense Law Office serving the North Bay, and practiing in Sonoma, Mendocino, Napa, Lake and Marin County Practice Areas Whether you are facing serious felonies or a simple misdemeanor offense, the Law Office of Orchid Vaghti has the experience and expertise to work with you to the end and get [...] Law Office of Orchid Vaghti A Criminal Defense Law Office serving the North Bay, and practiing in Sonoma, Mendocino, Napa, Lake and Marin County With the Law Office of Orchid Vaghti , you will find the quality legal representation you need and deserve. Based in Santa Rosa , Orchid provides experience, compassion and dedication to her adult and juvenile clients. She defends clients facing charges ranging from simple misdemeanor offenses to serious felonies. If you find yourself or a loved on facing criminal charges, please call us to discuss your case and circumstances. The Law Office of Orchid Vaghti provides zealous representation to clients, in-custody and out-of-custody, in a wide range of criminal cases including drugs offenses, DUIs, theft offenses, financial crimes, sex crimes, and domestic violence offenses as well as representing clients in violations of probation, DMV actions, Mental Health Diversion petitions, and Expungement petitions. Our cases are first and foremost about the client. Ms. Vaghti is provides personal and responsive service in each case. Our goal is to provide each client with the best defense possible, positioning the client in the most favorable position for his or her unique set of facts while making sure the client’s needs and concerns are always addressed. Our mission is to provide caring, vigorous, and individualized representations to our clients. Every set of circumstances is different and every case needs a defense that is specific to the accused, and the facts. The Law Office of Orchid Vaghti provides the best legal representation for the worst situations. Learn more about Schedule an Appointment M–Th 8:00–5:00, F 8:30–4:00 Reset Map Law Office of Orchid Vaghti 880 Second Street Santa Rosa, CA 95404 (707) 595-0912 Learn more about Get Directions Santa Rosa CA • Rohnert Park CA • Petaluma CA • Windsor CA • Ukiah CA Cotati CA • Novato CA 880 Second Street Santa Rosa , CA 95404 Tel: Law Office of Orchid Vaghti Phone Number (707) 595-0912 Fax: (707) 581-1745 Home Attorney Profile Practice Areas Contact Privacy Policy Sitemap Dental Website Design by PBHS © 2026 Scroll to the top of the page
