Firm: Summit Defense
URL: https://summitdefense.com/
Title: Bay Area Criminal Defense Attorneys | Summit Defense

Bay Area Criminal Defense Attorneys | Summit Defense Skip to Main Content FREE Confidential Consultation • Available 24/7 (866) 847-7613 About Us About Us Our Attorneys Rabin Nabizadeh Deepti Sethi James Reilly Mario Andrews Alison Minet Adams Patricia Ann Campi Collin Moore Scott Mossman Aaron Palley Ross Pytlik Crimes We Defend Domestic Violence DUI Defense Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Federal Crimes Business / White Collar Crimes Embezzlement Theft Crimes Violent Crimes View All Crimes We Defend Locations San Jose Criminal Defense San Jose Domestic Violence San Jose Sex Crimes San Jose DUI Defense San Jose Drug Crimes San Jose Embezzlement San Jose Theft Crimes San Jose Violent Crimes San Francisco Criminal Defense San Francisco Domestic Violence San Francisco Sex Crimes San Francisco DUI Defense San Francisco Drug Crimes Oakland Criminal Defense Oakland Domestic Violence Oakland Sex Crimes Oakland DUI Defense Oakland Drug Crimes San Rafael Criminal Defense San Rafael Domestic Violence San Rafael Sex Crimes San Rafael DUI Defense San Mateo Criminal Defense San Mateo Domestic Violence San Mateo Sex Crimes San Mateo DUI Defense San Mateo Drug Crimes Pleasanton Criminal Defense Pleasanton Domestic Violence Pleasanton DUI Defense Redwood City Criminal Defense Redwood City Domestic Violence Redwood City Sex Crimes Redwood City DUI Defense Redwood City Drug Crimes Sacramento Criminal Defense Sacramento Domestic Violence Sacramento Sex Crimes Sacramento DUI Defense Sacramento Drug Crimes View All Areas Served Case Results Reviews Blog Contact Us (866) 847-7613 FREE Confidential Consultation • Available 24/7 search for... Bay Area Criminal Defense Attorneys Over 120 Years of Criminal Defense Experience Call Now When you’ve been charged with a crime, you need a defense attorney with experience and a proven record. As Northern California’s largest Criminal Defense Firm, Summit Defense includes former prosecutors and law enforcement officers who understand how best to defend your rights. Schedule A Free Consultation I never imagined I would need a criminal lawyer (have had many other types) but Summit Defense is truly a gifted team of trial lawyers. Collin Moore, Jessica and the whole firm were just amazing. Highly recommend. Jason V Ms. Duffy is a legal giant who is fearless and by far the most prepared at any hearing. She managed to ridicule the District Attorney in front of the judge and dismiss the case. Very impressed with the weekend calls for clarification. Ani S These guys are the real deal. Good communication and they get results. I am relieved I found Mr. Moore. Special note for Shivan his paralegal for pulling off miracle after miracle and making sure documents were available even if I ke… Ashley C A Reputation of Proven Results We’re Here for You When Winning is Your Only Option Play Video We’ll Take It From Here When you’re charged with a crime and need defense you can trust, turn to the Summit Defense Criminal Lawyers. Anyone facing criminal charges knows just how daunting the situation can be. No matter if you’re facing your first DUI or something more serious like an accusation of sexual misconduct, you need a criminal defense law firm ready to protect your rights, in and around the Bay Area. Called a bunch of lawyers and got all sorts of quotes and promises. Rabin was different. I actually never hired this firm because he kept telling me I didn’t need a lawyer so not sure about skills but highly recommend for honesty. Abraham M Rabin was not my first experience with a criminal lawyer, but was certainly the best. Never before have I found the combination of competence and compassion, which is rarely found in professionals today. Frankly, getting arrested is a f… Henry B. Attorney Steve Davidson is absolutely 100 percent there for you at all times! Personally, he saved me from what I’d assume to be the depths of hell. A made a few mistakes and he was able to get me out of jail time. He works hard … Noah H. All Client Reviews More Than 120 Years of Experience Summit Defense Criminal Lawyers has more than 120 years of experience, exclusively dealing with criminal defense. Our reputation for aggressive and results-oriented performance in state and federal court has been documented by several Bay Area news channels. Thousands of Satisfied Clients We have thousands of satisfied clients who will vet our services. We only deal with criminal defense cases, which has allowed us to build success and industry recognition. Specialized Criminal Defense Our single-minded focus lets us keep up with the ever-evolving landscape of criminal defense legal doctrine, which means we can help you find the best solution possible to get the best results possible. Why Choose Summit Defense as Your Legal Representation Schedule Your Consultation FREE Confidential Consultation Available 24/7 Former Prosecutors and Law Enforcement Officers Our defense team is comprised of former prosecutors and law enforcement officers, all working for you. We understand what it’s like to work on the other side of the law. Now, we focus on fighting for your rights and future, using our experience and knowledge to craft the best defense for your situation. Award-Winning Reputation We’ve been featured Super Lawyers for four years running, and our reputation means we’re reliable. We offer affordable fees and payment plans because justice isn’t just for the rich – no one’s freedom should be out of reach because of the cost. Summit Defense is proud to be an A+ rated member of the Better Business Bureau and a member of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers. Specializing in Immigration and Criminal Defense Our firm also specializes in immigration and criminal defense matters . In today’s climate, that intersection can be a hard line to straddle, but we know that you have rights, no matter where you were born or where you moved from. Call us to find out how we’ll win for you. Practice Areas Criminal Defense Cases We Handle When you’re facing criminal charges, it’s tempting to focus only on the charge itself. But in criminal defense, where your case is filed and how it is handled locally can influence everything from bail decisions to plea offers. A local Bay Area criminal defense lawyer understands how cases are prosecuted in Alameda, San Mateo, Contra Costa, San Francisco, and other local counties. Our team knows what issues tend to matter most at early hearings and how to challenge weak or exaggerated allegations before they become harder to undo. Bay Area cases often involve fast-moving decisions by police and prosecutors. If you wait too long to get legal help, it becomes easier for the prosecution’s version of events to become the “official story.” Our goal is to disrupt that early, protect your rights, and create a defense strategy built for the realities of these Bay Area courtrooms. Our attorneys regularly help clients with local criminal cases involving: Drug Crimes Representation for misdemeanor and felony drug charges, from possession to distribution and trafficking offenses. DUI Aggressive defense against DUI charges, focused on minimizing penalties and protecting your driving privileges. Sex Crimes Defense for individuals accused of sexual offenses, protecting your rights, reputation, and future at every stage of the case. Domestic Violence Strategic representation for those facing domestic violence allegations, including protection orders and related criminal charges. Federal Crimes Experienced defense in complex federal cases involving serious charges and high-stakes investigations. Criminal Immigration Defense for immigrants and undocumented residents, fighting to protect your freedom. Assault Defense for assault and battery charges, working to reduce or dismiss charges whenever possible. Embezzlement Skilled defense in white-collar cases involving allegations of theft, fraud, or misuse of funds. All Practice Areas Our Locations Areas We Serve Throughout The Bay Area and Northern California Summit Defense represents clients throughout the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond. With offices in San Francisco, Santa Clara, Marin, Alameda, San Mateo, and Sacramento counties, our criminal defense attorneys are strategically positioned to defend clients across Northern California. No matter where you were arrested or charged, our team of experienced criminal defense attorneys brings local court knowledge with regional reach. All Locations San Jose San Francisco Oakland San Rafael San Mateo Pleasanton Redwood City Sacramento Summit Defense – All Locations Summit Defense Attorneys are available to meet with you at one of our eight offices conveniently located throughout the Bay Area. If you are unable to travel to one of our offices, you may request an in-home consultation. A Summit Defense Attorney will be available to meet you at your home or other convenient location. View all Locations Summit Defense – San Jose Office 2570 N 1st Street, 2nd Floor San Jose, CA 95131 408-333-9622 About the San Jose Office Summit Defense – San Francisco Office 580 California Street, 12th Floor San Francisco, CA 94104 415-666-2316 About the San Francisco Office Summit Defense – Oakland Office 1970 Broadway, Suite 1145 Oakland, CA 94612 510-877-8356 About the Oakland Office Summit Defense – San Rafael Office 4040 Civic Center Drive, Suite 200 San Rafael, CA 94903 415-524-7717 About the San Rafael Office Summit Defense – San Mateo Office ‍533 Airport Blvd #400, Burlingame, CA 94010 650-763-8766 About the San Mateo Office Summit Defense – Pleasanton Office 6200 Stoneridge Mall Road, Suite 300 Pleasanton, CA 94588 925-218-4730 About the Pleasanton Office Summit Defense – Redwood City Office 370 Convention Way Suite 316 Redwood City, CA 94063 650-667-4141 About the Redwood City Office Summit Defense – Sacramento Office 500 Capitol Mall Sacramento, CA 95814 916-830-0061 About the Sacramento Office Client Testimonials Real People. Real Stories. All Client Reviews I was referred to Jim Riley by a business associate. He was really easy to work with and explained the trial process and options available to me very logically so that I could understand what would be the best option for me. Riley is an … A R C Amazing lawyer and just a kind, no bullshit human being. Told me what could be done and did it for half the price and ridiculous promises other attorneys delivered. Ginger W Rabin was not my first experience with a criminal lawyer, but was certainly the best. Never before have I found the combination of competence and compassion, which is rarely found in professionals today. Frankly, getting arr… Henry B. Referred to these guys by my divorce attorney and I can’t be happier with the outcome. DUI dismissed and only a traffic ticket on my record. Jake S By far the most professional team of criminal lawyers in the bay. Managed to deliver on every promise while keeping me informed. Praveen V Rabin Nabizadeh is my lion! Sitting in that cell hearing him passionately argue for bail, I was so relieved my husband hired him. At the end, I got a misdemeanor. Thank you Rabin for saving my family. Norma P I met with Mr. Nabizadeh after interviewing several attorneys. I could tell right away that he was comfortable and wasn’t trying to sell me anything. He listened to all my concerns and gave me amazing advise. I ended up hiring th… Walter A Meet the Bay Area’s Most Experienced Criminal Defense Team James Reilly Attorney at Law Rabin Nabizadeh Attorney At Law Ross Pytlik Attorney at Law Collin Moore Attorney at Law Aaron Palley Attorney at Law Patricia Campi Attorney at Law Scott Mossman Attorney at Law Deepti Sethi Attorney at Law Mario Andrews Attorney at Law Alison Adams Attorney at Law Todd Goodrich Legal Assistant Fara Karim Legal Assistant We Win When You Win DUI Case Results The outcome of an individual case depends on a variety of factors unique to that case. Case results do not guarantee or predict a similar result in any similar or future case. All Case Results DUI DUI – charges dismissed Our client was charged with DUI after a traffic stop and breath test. The defense identified constitutional issues, filed a motion to suppress evidence, and the court granted it. The District Attorney dismissed the case. DUI Rabin Nabizadeh DUI and breath test refusal – not guilty verdict Rabin Nabizadeh defended a client charged with DUI and refusal to submit to a breath test. Following a six-day jury trial, the defense successfully challenged the prosecution’s evidence and procedures. The jury returned a Not Guilty… DUI Felony DUI with serious injury enhancements – probation Our client faced felony DUI charges with serious injury enhancements and potential prison exposure. Strategic negotiations focused on rehabilitation rather than incarceration. The client received probation and counseling in lieu of ja… Fighting for Your Life & Reputation The Toughest Team of Local Lawyers Summit Defense focuses on criminal defense exclusively. Our team-based approach allows us to give your case the direct attention it deserves because we understand what’s at stake when you or a loved one have been charged with a crime. We Offer a Team Approach No attorney knows every part of the law. Even seasoned attorneys can benefit from bouncing ideas with other lawyers and “a fresh set of eyes”. Collaboration allow us to explore numerous options and angles, putting more than 120 years of experience to use, creating an advantage in your criminal defense case. No two cases are the same, so we use our extensive knowledge and skillsets to help guide you in the best direction possible for your needs. Team Approach Criminal & Immigration Defense Criminal charges can place an immigrant’s legal status and future in serious jeopardy, as even minor convictions may lead to deportation or other lasting immigration consequences. Summit Defense protects non-citizens by carefully evaluating charges through both criminal and immigration lenses, pursuing defense strategies and plea options designed to minimize immigration harm while fighting for the best possible outcome. Criminal Law for Immigrants Family Member Defense Acting quickly can have life-altering consequences in criminal defense. Summit Defense provides experienced criminal defense representation in the Bay Area. We offer guidance, rapid response, and strategic advocacy when time and accuracy matter. Our proven record of protecting clients using case mitigation, trial defense, and immigration-safe resolutions. We deliver professionalism and peace of mind to families experiencing difficult times. For the Family Let us help you fight for your future Call Now (866) 847-7613 Schedule Your Consultation Our Process How Our Bay Area Criminal Defense Lawyers Help You Navigate the Criminal Justice Process Whether it’s your first time facing the criminal justice system or you have been charged in the past, you need a reliable and earnest defense team who understands what is at stake for you and your family. The Summit Defense team works to help you understand every step of your defense as we help you through the criminal justice system, from your first phone call to the ultimate resolution of your case, with clear communication. Schedule Your Consultation 1. We Review Your Case & Intervene Early We start by reviewing the facts of your case. That means going over police reports, evidence, and statements that give us a clear idea of what happened and what else we need to research. When possible, we get involved early in the process so we can protect your rights. We look to address any pre-charge investigations and find opportunities to resolve matters before formal charges are filed. 2. We Analyze Evidence & Craft a Strategy Our defense attorneys work to analyze the evidence from the prosecutor’s office so we can identify weaknesses and create a strategy that is tailored to your unique charges. We can file motions, challenge unlawful searches or procedures, and negotiate with prosecutors to seek diminished or dropped charges when appropriate. 3. We Are Your Legal Representative in Court Not every case needs to go to trial. Some criminal charges get dismissed by the prosecutor, or a settlement is reached before the case goes into the courtroom. However, we prepare for the eventuality of a criminal trial. We handle all of the pre-trial hearings, negotiations, and make sure we are set for a court trial. We continue to be your advocate at every stage, keeping you informed as we fight for the best possible outcome. 4. We Seek the Best Resolution Possible In every case, we fight for the best resolution for our clients. That could be dismissed charges, reduced sentencing, or acquittal through a trial. We can also help with sentencing advocacy, probation, and appeals after a conviction. FAQs about Your Criminal Charges & Our Defense What should I do immediately after being arrested in Northern California? If you have been arrested, you should remain calm, exercise your right to remain silent, and ask to speak with an attorney as soon as possible. Do not explain your side of the story to law enforcement before consulting a criminal defense lawyer. Early legal guidance can help protect your rights and prevent mistakes that may affect your case. How soon should I contact a criminal defense attorney? You should contact a criminal defense attorney as early as possible, even if formal charges have not yet been filed. In many Northern California cases, early intervention can influence whether charges are brought at all or help shape how a case proceeds. Will my case stay in the county where I was arrested? Most criminal cases are handled in the county where the alleged offense occurred. Each Bay Area and Northern California county has its own prosecutors, judges, and local court procedures. Working with a defense team familiar with the local courts can make a meaningful difference in how your case is handled. Can criminal charges be reduced or dismissed before trial? Yes. Many cases are resolved without going to trial. Depending on the facts, evidence, and your criminal history, charges may be reduced or dismissed through motions, negotiations with prosecutors, or diversion programs. Every case is different, which is why a tailored defense strategy is critical. Do I have to go to court for every hearing? Not always. In some situations, your attorney may be able to appear on your behalf for certain hearings, especially for misdemeanor cases. This depends on the type of charge, the court, and whether your presence is legally required. How does a criminal charge affect professional licenses or employment? A criminal charge or conviction can impact background checks, professional licenses, and current or future employment. This is especially important in industries regulated by the State of California. A defense attorney can help you understand these risks and work toward outcomes that minimize long term consequences. What if this is my first criminal charge? First time offenders may have options that are not available to repeat offenders, including diversion programs, reduced charges, or alternative sentencing. A defense attorney can evaluate whether you qualify for these options and advocate for a resolution that protects your record when possible. Can family members speak with an attorney on behalf of a loved one? Yes. Family members often contact us when a loved one has been arrested or is under investigation. While attorney client privilege applies to the accused, we regularly provide guidance to families about the process, next steps, and how they can best support their loved one. How long does a criminal case usually take in Northern California? The timeline varies depending on the severity of the charge, the court’s schedule, and whether the case goes to trial. Some cases resolve in weeks, while others may take months or longer. Your attorney should keep you informed at every stage so you know what to expect. Is my consultation really confidential? Yes. Consultations are confidential, whether you ultimately hire the firm or not. Speaking openly with a criminal defense attorney allows you to get accurate guidance about your situation and understand your legal options without pressure. Let us help you fight for your future. When you or a loved one has been charged with a crime, you need to act quickly. Your future depends on the kind of defense you can build, and time is not on your side. Connecting with a Bay Area criminal defense lawyer from Summit Defense can give you a better chance at getting your charges dropped, reduced, or dismissed altogether. We offer in-office visits, but you are welcome to request in-home consultations. Call Now (866) 847-7613 Contact Us Now For a Free Consultation Name (Required) Email (Required) Phone (Required) Tell Us About Your Case Summit Defense is Northern California’s largest Criminal Defense Law Firm that only represents individuals charged with or accused of a crime. The Summit Defense legal team includes three former prosecutors, a former Police Officer, a Board Certified Appellate Specialist and attorneys who graduated from the country’s top law schools. FREE Confidential Consultation • Available 24/7 Schedule a Free Consultation (866) 847-7613 Quicklinks About Us Areas We Serve Practice Areas We Handle Blog Case Results Contact Summit Defense Crimes We Defend Criminal Defense DUI Defense Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Business / White Collar Crimes Federal Crimes Theft Crimes Locations San Jose San Francisco Oakland San Rafael San Mateo Pleasanton Redwood City Sacramento San Jose 2570 N 1st Street, 2nd Floor San Jose, CA 95131 408-333-9622 San Francisco 580 California Street, 12th Floor San Francisco, CA 94104 415-666-2316 Oakland 1970 Broadway, Suite 1145 Oakland, CA 94612 510-877-8356 San Rafael 4040 Civic Center Drive, Suite 200 San Rafael, CA 94903 415-524-7717 San Mateo ‍533 Airport Blvd #400, Burlingame, CA 94010 650-763-8766 Pleasanton 6200 Stoneridge Mall Road, Suite 300 Pleasanton, CA 94588 925-218-4730 Redwood City 370 Convention Way Suite 316 Redwood City, CA 94063 650-667-4141 Sacramento 500 Capitol Mall Sacramento, CA 95814 916-830-0061 ©2026 Summit Defense Criminal Lawyers All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer Privacy Policy Sitemap
