Firm: The Nieves Law Firm
URL: https://thenieveslawfirm.com/contact-us
Title: Contact Us - Oakland Criminal Lawyer

Contact Us - Oakland Criminal Lawyer CALL US NOW Text Us Get a Consultation (510) 879-7549 ¡ Se Habla Español ! SCHEDULE A CONSULTATION Call Now Click Here Our Firm About Us Attorneys Jo-Anna Nieves Darryl Stallworth Alejandra Camacho Alexandra Knopova Andrew Nugent Christie Fram Grace Goodman Mariah Massa Michael Levinsohn Staff Aaron Devers Abner Herrera Adriana Flores Adriana Yac Andrea Chaparro Andrea Leiva Andres Andrade Angel Cala Ariana Roman Ariana Salcedo Brittney Evans Carlos Rodriguez David Ramirez David Simmons Ebony Caraballo Ernesto Araica Fatima Ortiz Fernando Córdoba Guillermo Gonzalez Heather McClure O’Farrell James Colley Keydon Levy Lorreane Estrada Luis Hidalgo Manuel Mendez Mario Castro Moises Fletes Nadia Khechfe Reyna Hernandez Rodolfo Pena Tracey Romero Vivian Coura Xiomara Roman Yaneli Gutierrez Our Services Criminal Defense Felonies Misdemeanors Assault Domestic Violence Drug Charges Theft & Fraud DUI Gang Crimes Gun Juvenile Crimes Sex Crimes Workers’ Compensation Fraud Post Conviction Relief Motions to Vacate a Criminal Conviction Certificates of Rehabilitation Expungement Petitions to Seal a Criminal Record Early Termination of Probation Restraining Order Civil Harassment Domestic Violence Elder Abuse Workplace Violence Title IX Contempt Locations Oakland DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement Fremont DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement San Jose DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement Stockton DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement Fairfield DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement Sacramento DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement Results Testimonials Case Results Awards Our Community Our Community Scholarship Resources Courts Blog Videos Downloadable Guides Penal Codes Careers Media Appearances Contact Us Contact Us Get powerful, professional criminal defense. Restore your reputation. We Take The “Criminal” Out of Criminal Defense. Schedule a call First Name (Required) Last Name (Required) Email (Required) Phone (Required) Content Subscribe to our newsletter SMS Agree (Required) I grant The Nieves Law Firm the ability to send relevant text messages to the phone number provided. Text messaging and data rates apply. The frequency of text messages will be as needed. Reply STOP at any time to unsubscribe from text messages. For assistance text HELP or visit our Privacy Policy , Text Message Terms and Conditions , and Disclaimer . Δ × Schedule a call First Name (Required) Last Name (Required) Email (Required) Phone (Required) SMS Agree I grant The Nieves Law Firm the ability to send relevant text messages to the phone number provided. Text messaging and data rates apply. The frequency of text messages will be as needed. Reply STOP at any time to unsubscribe from text messages. For assistance text HELP or visit our Privacy Policy , Text Message Terms and Conditions , and Disclaimer . Δ Top-Rated Criminal Defense Lawyers Serving the Bay Area The Nieves Law Firm is dedicated to providing aggressive criminal defense representation to working professionals who have found themselves in trouble with the law. We show up to win, and we’re not afraid to fight aggressively to accomplish our client’s goals. We understand that being accused of a crime can be a scary and confusing experience. That’s why we take the stress off our clients by handling the full scope of their legal situation from the initial consultation to the final outcome. Our bilingual attorneys and staff are here to ensure that our clients feel heard and understood every step of the way. As one of the largest criminal defense teams in Oakland and the Greater Bay Area, we have the resources and experience to handle even the most complex cases. Our experienced team examines various aspects of your case and, perhaps most importantly, we genuinely care about our clients and their future. We take the time to learn about their goals and priorities so that we can achieve an outcome that allows them to move past their mistakes and focus on the future they want. When you work with us, you become part of our team. Schedule a consultation Bay Area Criminal Defense Lawyers An Entire Team Behind You. One Mission: Your Defense. With offices across the Bay Area and Sacramento, we have the resources to handle your case with the attention it deserves. Founding Attorney Jo-Anna Nieves View Full Bio Managing Attorney Darryl Stallworth View Full Bio Attorney Michael Levinsohn View Full Bio Attorney Grace Goodman View Full Bio Attorney Mariah Massa View Full Bio Attorney Christie Fram View Full Bio Attorney Andrew Nugent View Full Bio Attorney Alejandra Camacho View Full Bio Attorney Alexandra “Sasha” Knopova View Full Bio Post Bar Clerk Ariana Salcedo View Full Bio Director of Operations Ebony Caraballo View Full Bio Investigator James Colley View Full Bio Assistant Manager Lorreane Estrada View Full Bio Executive Assistant Xiomara Roman View Full Bio Receptionist Adriana Yac View Full Bio HR Assistant Yaneli Gutierrez View Full Bio Client Engagement Attorney Keydon Levy View Full Bio Client Onboarding Specialist Nadia Khechfe View Full Bio Client Onboarding Specialist Aaron Devers View Full Bio Client Onboarding Specialist Brittney Evans View Full Bio Client Onboarding Specialist David Ramirez View Full Bio Client Onboarding Specialist Heather McClure O’Farrell View Full Bio Lead Intake Coordinator Abner Herrera View Full Bio Intake Coordinator Moises Fletes View Full Bio Intake Coordinator Guillermo Gonzalez View Full Bio Intake Coordinator Fernando Córdoba View Full Bio Intake Coordinator Reyna Hernandez View Full Bio Legal Secretary Andrea Chaparro View Full Bio Legal Research & Writing Analyst Angel Cala View Full Bio Legal Assistant Mario Castro View Full Bio Legal Assistant Rodolfo Pena View Full Bio Legal Assistant Andres Andrade View Full Bio Law Clerk David Simmons View Full Bio File Clerk Manuel Mendez View Full Bio File Clerk Ernesto Araica View Full Bio File Clerk Carlos Rodriguez View Full Bio File Clerk Fatima Ortiz View Full Bio Customer Service Coordinator Adriana Flores View Full Bio Marketing Specialist Vivian Coura View Full Bio Marketing Assistant Andrea Leiva View Full Bio Marketing Assistant Luis Hidalgo View Full Bio Billing Clerk Ariana Roman View Full Bio Billing Clerk Tracey Romero View Full Bio Top-Rated Bay Area Criminal Lawyer Don't Just Take Our Word For It. We've helped hundreds of clients through the worst moments of their lives. Here's what they have to say. The Nieves Law firm was a great choice in helping me through my restraining order case, the whole team there does a great job at walking you through the steps of the legal process. Jose is a great lawyer and is good at what he does, in court he really shines and is able to debate the case very well and professionally. I would definitely pick them again if I had to! R Richard Arcadia Thank you to my attorney Grace for all your help with my case. It took awhile but the outcome has made me so happy that I am able to move forward with my life and forget the past. Everyone at this law firm from the beginning to the end have been so helpful and supportive. I highly recommend The Nieves Law Firm! M Melissa Sukhdeo The Nieves Law Firm is absolutely amazing. The best customer services experience I have had, great communication, astonishing experience, and overall a team of professionals that dedicate themselves to ensuring the best result. I am really happy to have worked with this team. Jimarielle was very helpful and provided me the comfort and understanding in every way possible. Highly recommend. E Eric Rodriguez Thank you to the whole Nieves legal team, especially to my attorney, Mari Bowie, for being so supportive, helpful, and professional to me and my family in these hard times in my life. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a law firm that actually looks at you as a human-being first and cares about your well-being. I appreciate all the support they’ve given and will go to them again if I ever need to down the road. E Earl Dalmaceda The Nieves Law Firm has an outstanding team of attorneys who are supportive and provide exceptional Client service. The founding attorney Jo-Anna, firmly stands on her mission and is backed by a team with expertise. You can trust you’ll be in good hands and that their team will give their absolute best to help you. If you’re looking for a criminal defense attorney look no further they are knowledgeable and honestly the best to work with! B Brittney Evans Read More Reviews Our Criminal Defense Attorneys: How to Take Back Control of Your Life, And Your Future. When facing a criminal charge, having dedicated and experienced attorneys on your side is critical. At The Nieves Law Firm, we understand the gravity of your situation, and our criminal defense attorneys provide unwavering support and legal guidance. From the moment you reach out to us, we prioritize your well-being and legal interests. Our criminal lawyers are with you every step of the way, from arrest to hearings and beyond, to ensure that your rights are protected. Whether you’re facing charges related to DUI, drug offenses, assault, sex crimes or any other allegation, we have the knowledge and courtroom experience to fight vigorously on your behalf. We believe in the power of collaboration and will actively involve you in the decision-making process, ensuring you are well-informed and empowered to make the best choices for your defense. Our goal is not only to navigate the legal complexities but also to provide you with the peace of mind and reassurance you deserve during this challenging time. Schedule a free consultation Contact Us 01 Give us a call or contact us online so we can schedule a meeting to discuss your legal needs. Schedule a Meeting 02 Schedule a meeting with our intake coordinator so we can determine the best plan to solve your legal problems. Take Back Your Life 03 We work to resolve your legal problems so you can focus on what is most important Criminal Defense Lawyers in the Bay Area Whatever You're Facing, We've Handled It Before. From first-time DUI charges to complex felony defense, from restraining order hearings to clearing your record — our team has the experience to fight for you. Select your location to find a lawyer near you. Oakland Fremont San Jose Stockton Fairfield Sacramento DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement DUI Lawyer Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Sex Crimes Violent Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Weapons Theft Juvenile Crimes Restraining Orders Expungement Get Help Now Going to Court? See All Courts East County Hall of Justice 5151 Gleason Dr, Dublin, CA 94568 Fremont Hall of Justice 39439 Paseo Padre Pkwy, Fremont, CA 94538 René C. Davidson Courthouse 1225 Fallon St, Oakland, CA 94612 Wiley W. Manuel Courthouse 661 Washington St, Oakland, CA 94607 San Leandro Juvenile Justice Center 2500 Fairmont Dr C3013, San Leandro, CA 94578 Wakefield Taylor Courthouse 725 Court St, Martinez, CA 94553 George E. McDonald Hall of Justice 2233 Shore Line Dr, Alameda, CA 94501 Richmond Superior Court, George D. Carroll Courthouse 100 37th St, Richmond, CA 94805 Pittsburg Superior Court, Richard E. Arnason Justice Center 1000 Center Dr, Pittsburg, CA 94565 Walnut Creek Superior Court 640 Ygnacio Valley Rd, Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Marin County Superior Court 3501 Civic Center, Vera Schultz Dr, San Rafael, CA 94903 Napa County Superior Court 825 Brown St, Napa, CA 94559 Gordon D. Schaber Sacramento County Courthouse 720 9th St, Sacramento, CA 95814 Sacramento County Hall of Justice 813 6th St, Sacramento, CA 95814 Carol Miller Justice Center 301 Bicentennial Cir, Sacramento, CA 95826 Sacramento County Juvenile Hall 9605 Kiefer Blvd, Sacramento, CA 95827 Lorenzo Patiño Hall of Justice 651 Street, Sacramento, CA, 95814 San Francisco Hall of Justice 850 Bryant St, San Francisco, CA 94103 San Francisco Juvenile Justice Center 400 McAllister St UNIT 517, San Francisco, CA 94102 Stockton Courthouse 180 E Weber Ave, Stockton, CA 95202 San Joaquin County Juvenile Justice Center 535 W Mathews Rd, French Camp, CA 95231 San Mateo Hall of Justice 400 County Center, Redwood City, CA 94063 Superior Court of Santa Clara County 191 N First St, San Jose, CA 95113 County of Santa Clara Hall of Justice 190 W Hedding St, San Jose, CA 95110 Palo Alto Courthouse 270 Grant Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94306 South County Morgan Hill Courthouse 301 Diana Ave, Morgan Hill, CA 95037 Solano Superior Court 600 Union Ave, Fairfield, CA 94533 Solano County Criminal Court 530 Union Ave, Fairfield, CA 94533 Old Solano Courthouse 580 Texas St, Fairfield, CA 94533 Stanislaus County Superior Court 800 11th St, Modesto, CA 95354 Stanislaus County Traffic Court 2260 Floyd Ave, Modesto, CA 95355 Modesto Juvenile Court 2215 Blue Gum Ave, Modesto, CA 95358, × Work with us × Work with us × Work with us × Work with us The Nieves Law Firm is dedicated to providing aggressive criminal defense representation to working professionals who have found themselves in trouble with the law. We show up to win, and we’re not afraid to fight aggressively to accomplish our client’s goals. We understand that being accused of a crime can be a scary and confusing experience. That’s why we take the stress off our clients by handling the full scope of their legal situation from the initial consultation to the final outcome. Our bilingual attorneys and staff are here to ensure that our clients feel heard and understood every step of the way. Quick Links Our Firm Our Services Locations Results Our Community Financing Resources Legal Sitemap Legal Privacy Policy Terms And Conditions Accessibility Contact Us CALL US NOW (510) 879-7549 EMAIL US NOW Social Media: Copyright © 2026 THE NIEVES LAW FIRM • All Rights Reserved
