Firm: Perani Law
URL: https://peranilaw.com/
Title: Perani Law – Criminal Defense Attorney San Francisco

Perani Law – Criminal Defense Attorney San Francisco Practice Areas Firm Overview Contact Michelina M. Perani, Esq. Criminal Defense Attorney Practice Areas Criminal Defense · Alcohol Offenses DUI; Disturbing the Peace; Minor in Possession · Drug Possession & Distribution Marijuana; Methamphetamine; Heroin/Opiod; Prescription Pills · Domestic Violence Assault and Battery; Harassment; Criminal Threats · Vehicle Offenses Hit & Run · Theft Crimes · Misdemeanor Sexual Assault · Disorderly Conduct · Criminal Record Expungements DMV Hearings · Driving on a Suspended License · Vehicle Offenses · Traffic Tickets · Negligent Operator Traffic Ticket · Red Light Tickets · Illegal Turns/U-turns · Stop Sign Violations · Unlicensed Driving · Moving Violations · Evading · Speeding Tickets Perani Esq.— Firm Overview Perani Law defends individuals charged with criminal offenses all around the Bay Area. If you have been arrested or are facing criminal charges, the situation may seem impossible to overcome. Depending on the type of arrest you could be looking at incarceration in a state or county facility, high criminal fines, and damage to your reputation both personal and professional. Hiring a criminal defense attorney to protect yourself and mitigate the possible repercussions will give you the best possible outcome in your case. We understand that our clients are generally good people, not criminals or individuals who need to be excluded, removed or restrained. Our clients may be the victims of false or exaggerated complaints or may have other extenuating circumstances. Often, clients just need help passing through a system that has stacked the odds against them. Regardless of the alleged crime, we understand that our clients deserve to have accusations of wrongful conduct put behind them. Perani Law is dedicated to assisting you in this trying time while exploring the legal strategies you can pursue to reduce, minimize, or altogether dismiss criminal charges. Our goal is to help you defend your case by being aggressive, creative, and tireless in our pursuit of justice in every case, and giving you the hands-on attention that you need to protect your individual rights. When new clients retain us, we provide them with relief from trying to manage their legal problem on their own. By promptly answering clients’ questions, we step forward and take over all key communications. By taking immediate action to insulate clients from harm, preserving essential timelines, asserting critical rights, and moving to positively shape the course and strength of the legal case, Perani Law helps clients for both the short and long term. Remember: it is your constitutional right to have a defense attorney at your side during all police questioning and during all stages of a criminal investigation or prosecution, and requesting that all questioning cease until you are represented by your attorney cannot be held against you. Perani Law is committed to obtaining the best possible result in each individual case. If you or a loved one is facing criminal charges, contact Bay Area criminal defense attorney Michelina Perani today for a consultation. Disclaimer: The criminal defense, drunk driving, DUI, felony, misdemeanor, white collar crime, domestic violence, sex crime, DWI, juvenile crime, federal offense or other criminal defense information presented on this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice, nor the formation of a lawyer or attorney diem relationship. Any results portrayed here were dependent on the facets of a legal matter and results vary from case to case. Please contact Michelina M. Perani for a consultation on your California criminal defense case. Michelina M. Perani, Esq. Criminal Defense Attorney Attorney Profile Biography Michelina Perani’s mission in criminal defense is to prevent the damage that criminal charges have on people’s lives. A DUI, drug case, domestic violence, and any other public offense can have drastic consequences to someone’s reputation, career, and family. Education & Training Michelina Perani graduated with a degree in Organizational & Corporate Communications from Dominican University of California. She was on the Dean’s list throughout her education at Dominican. She was also a founding member of Lambda Pi Eta, a communications honors society. Her legal education came from Chapman University, Fowler School of Law, where she focused her studies in the practice of advancing her criminal law career. While in law school, she had the opportunity to work for both the Orange County Public Defender’s Office and the Marin County Public Defender’s office. There, she gleaned valuable insight about the criminal justice system from the defense’s perspective. This also gave her many opportunities to observe and evaluate notable trial lawyers of the time, both in Northern and Southern California. After entering private practice, she was able to work with notable local criminal defense attorneys and learn from her mentors. Michelina Perani was born in Los Angeles, and was raised in the Bay Area. She is a member of the San Francisco Bar Association, the Marin County Bar Association, the California Public Defender’s Association, the California Attorneys for Criminal Justice and the Richard M. Sangster Inns of Court. She is licensed to practice throughout the state of California. Contact Us First Name * Last Name * Phone Number Email Address * Message * This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Tel: 415-996-1131. Fax: 415-480-3222 100 Shoreline Highway, Building B, Suite 100, Mill Valley, CA 94941. [email protected] Alameda DUI Alameda Drug Offenses Alameda Domestic Violence Alameda Violent Crimes Alameda Assault & Battery Alameda Property Crimes Alameda Theft Crimes Alameda Expungements Alameda Probation Violations Contra Costa DUI Contra Costa Drug Offenses Contra Costa Domestic Violence Contra Costa Violent Crimes Contra Costa Assault & Battery Contra Costa Property Crimes Contra Costa Theft Crimes Contra Costa Expungements Contra Costa Probation Violations Marin DUI Marin Drug Offenses Marin Domestic Violence Marin Violent Crimes Marin Assault & Battery Marin Property Crimes Marin Theft Crimes Marin Expungements Marin Probation Violations Napa DUI Napa Drug Offenses Napa Domestic Violence Napa Violent Crimes Napa Assault & Battery Napa Property Crime Napa Theft Crimes Napa Expungements Napa Probation Violations San Francisco DUI San Francisco Drug Offenses San Francisco Domestic Violence San Francisco Violent Crimes San Francisco Assault & Battery San Francisco Property Crimes San Francisco Theft Crimes San Francisco Expungements San Francisco Probation Violations San Mateo DUI San Mateo Drug Offenses San Mateo Domestic Violence San Mateo Violent Crimes San Mateo Assault & Battery San Mateo Property Crimes San Mateo Theft Crimes San Mateo Expungements San Mateo Probation Violations Santa Clara DUI Santa Clara Drug Offenses Santa Clara Domestic Violence Santa Clara Violent Crimes Santa Clara Assault & Battery Santa Clara Property Crimes Santa Clara Theft Crimes Santa Clara Expungements Santa Clara Probation Violations Solano DUI Solano Drug Offenses Solano Domestic Violence Solano Violent Crimes Solano Assault & Battery Solano Property Crime Solano Theft Crimes Solano Expungements Solano Probation Violations Sonoma DUI Sonoma Drug Offenses Sonoma Domestic Violence Sonoma Violent Crimes Sonoma Assault & Battery Sonoma Property Crime Sonoma Theft Crimes Sonoma Expungements Sonoma Probation Violation Attorney Advertising. This web site is designed for general information only. The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship. There is no warranty of result or guarantee based on prior results. Each case is different and dependent on the particular facts of the case. Copyright © Perani Law 2017. All Rights Reserved Scroll to top
