Firm: Law Office of Derek R. Ewin
URL: https://www.drewinlaw.com/
Title: Walnut Creek DUI & Criminal Defense Lawyer, California

Walnut Creek DUI & Criminal Defense Lawyer, California IMPORTANT NOTICE COVID-19 Update! We are still open and accepting appointments. Please call us at (925) 262-8406 for any help. 201 North Civic Drive Suite 225 Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Call Now For A Free Consultation (925) 205-6718 Menu Home About Us Attorney Profile Firm Overview Areas We Serve Close Practice Areas Drunk Driving / DUI Felony Crimes Domestic Violence Weapons Charges Serious And Violent Crimes Drug Crimes Gang Crimes Homicide Crimes Misdemeanor Charges Theft, Fraud, and White Collar Juvenile Crimes Close Articles Testimonials Client Testimonials Lawyer Endorsements Close Videos Criminal Defense Videos DUI Videos Drug-Related Charges Videos Domestic Violence Videos Weapon Charges Videos Misdemeanor Charges Videos Close Contact Us Podcast We’ll Help You Beat That Charge Defend Your License Keep Your Loved One Out Of Jail Get Back To The Things That Matter Contact Now For A Free Consultation Your Trusted California DUI & Criminal Defense Lawyer Experienced Defense Attorney - Over 100 Criminal Trials The Law Office of Derek R. Ewin has been providing personalized legal assistance in Criminal Law since 2005. Former prosecutor Derek R. Ewin has experience in three different prosecutor’s offices and as a defense attorney, and he has tried over 100 cases, ranging from Drunk Driving and Traffic cases to Complex Robbery, Vehicular Manslaughter and Murder charges. Mr. Ewin has handled thousands of cases in his career and as a result is well respected by District Attorneys, Judges, Private Attorneys and Court Staff. Our firm has a reputation of integrity, honesty and skill with local prosecutors, defense attorneys, judges and court staff. We work tirelessly to help our clients to get their lives back in order and to get them free of the Criminal Justice System. Clients and Former Clients continually call and write to tell us, how our representation of them has changed their lives for the better. Read More 24/7 Criminal Defense with Integrity Our firm handles all criminal law cases at any stage of the proceedings, including if: (1) You believe you are being investigated, (2) You have been arrested, (3) You have been charged, (4) You have already been to court, (5) You have violated probation, (6) You want to clean up your prior record, or (7) You are a victim or a witness and you feel you need representation. Types of Criminal Defense Cases Our Firm Handles Drunk Driving / DUI An aggressive DUI criminal defense lawyer can mean the difference between incarceration and freedom. Felony Crime A felony is a crime that can result in a sentence of more than one year in custody. That means that State Prison Domestic Violence Being charged with domestic violence can upend your life in an instant. In California, prosecutors pursue Weapons Charges There are various laws regarding firearms and other types of weapons. These laws can be so complicated Misdemeanors A misdemeanor is a crime that can result in a sentence of no more than one year in custody. Serious & Violent Crimes Serious and violent crimes in California are also known as “strikes,” and require the services of a qualified... Previous Next Client Testimonials "From the initial meeting to the end of my case Derek was very helpful. He had knowledge about what I was expecting, and a lot of experience in handling my case. I've already referred him to someone else, and will..." Ryan "Derek Ewin is everything these reviews say. He is honest, fair and was able to negotiate the best possible outcome for my case. Mr Ewin handled every detail to make sure that as long as I keep up my end of the deal..." Brian "Derek is, undoubtedly, one of the kindest attorneys I have ever met. He quickly understood my situation ... and took a "flyer" on me, which 99% of the legal community would not have done. HE IS A CLASS ACT THROUGH..." Marshall Read More × Charged with a Crime? (Useful Info Revealed that may help you in your Case) Download Coming Soon Check Back Shortly Close Charged with a Crime? (Useful Info Revealed that may help you in your Case) Free Download About Attorney Derek Ewin has a wealth of Criminal Law experience including more than 32 years in County Prosecutors’ Offices. Eleven of those years Mr. Ewin worked as a Deputy District Attorney in Contra Costa County. As a Deputy DA, Mr. Ewin prosecuted thousands of cases, including but not limited to: Robbery, Homicide, Drunk Driving/DUI , Possession, Possession for Sale and Sale of Illegal Drugs, Three Strikes, Theft, Burglary, Auto Theft, Domestic Violence , Assault with Deadly Weapon, Illegal Firearms, Vandalism, Sex Crimes, Stalking, Gang cases, Arson and Drive By Shootings. At the DA's Office, Mr. Ewin worked in several divisions including Misdemeanors , Felony Trial Team, Calendar, Juvenile, Felony Filing, Domestic Violence/Sexual Assault, Preliminary Hearings and Homicide/Gangs. As a Criminal Defense Attorney, Mr. Ewin has handled numerous adult and juvenile cases in the Greater San Francisco Bay Area. He has successfully defended hundreds of misdemeanor, felony and drunk driving cases.... Read More Areas We Serve The Law Office of Derek R. Ewin serves clients throughout the San Francisco Bay Area, including: Walnut Creek Danville San Ramon Alamo Concord Pittsburg Bay Point Antioch Brentwood Richmond Kensington Martinez Orinda Lafayette Oakley Pinole San Pablo Clayton Crocket Pleasant Hill Moraga Discovery Bay Kensington El Cerrito Hercules El Sobrante San Francisco Oakland Alameda Benicia Vallejo Santa Rosa Fremont Dublin Hayward Read More Contact Now For A Free Consultation I Need Help With Drunk Driving / DUI Felony Crime Domestic Violence Weapons Charges Serious And Violent Crimes Drug Crimes Gang Charges Homicide Misdemeanors Juvenile Crimes Theft Fraud and White Collar Crimes Get Help Now 201 North Civic Drive Suite 225 Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Phone: (925) 205-6718 For more information about Derek Ewin, the types of cases we handle, the jurisdictions we practice in and criminal law in general please review this web site or give us a call. Map & Directions Get Help Now facebook youtube yelp Home Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Nav Map Contact Us Attorney Marketing Copyright © 2026, The Law Office of Derek R. Ewin. All Rights Reserved. × Accessibility Menu CTRL+U Keyboard Nav Big Cursor Contrast + Invert Colors Dark Contrast Light Contrast Bigger Text Desaturate Highlight Links Legible Fonts Read page Reset All
