Firm: Alanna D. Coopersmith, Attorney at Law
URL: https://www.eastbaydefense.com/
Title: East Bay Defense — Alanna D. Coopersmith, Attorney at Law, criminal defense and DUI lawyer for Oakland, San Francisco and Greater Bay Area

East Bay Defense — Alanna D. Coopersmith, Attorney at Law, criminal defense and DUI lawyer for Oakland, San Francisco and Greater Bay Area CALL NOW (510) 628-0596 Call Now English EN Español ES Home About Practice Areas Assault & Battery Bench Warrants Bookmaking Burglary Carjacking Child Abuse Child Pornography Criminal Appeals Conspiracy Charges Criminal Defense Disorderly Conduct DMV Proceedings Domestic Violence Drug Crimes DUI/Drunk Driving Expungements Firearm Offenses Fraud Crimes Gang Crimes Gun Charges Hit & Run Identity Theft Juvenile Crimes Kidnapping Mental Health Outstanding Warrants Petty Theft Probation/Parole Violations Prop 36 and Prop 47 Prostitution Protest Rights Reckless Driving Resisting Arrest Restraining Orders Robbery Sex Offenses Suspended License Theft Traffic Court Three Strikes Vandalism Testimonials Blog Criminal Defense and DUI Defense We provide top-notch legal defense to fight for the best results in your criminal case. Contact us Criminal defense attorney Alanna Coopersmith Being arrested or accused of criminal charges is difficult. It is important that you know your rights and understand the process, every step of the way. Alanna D. Coopersmith is compassionate and takes the time to learn the details of your situation in order to find the resolution that works best for you. With over a decade of experience litigating criminal cases from domestic violence, to white-collar crime, to murder, Alanna has the expertise and judgment to mount an aggressive defense. State Criminal Cases We’re proud to represent clients against charges brought by prosecutors throughout the Bay Area, including San Francisco, Alameda, Contra Costa, Solano… Learn More Federal Criminal Cases Federal criminal defense is a specialty in and of itself. In fact, many criminal defense lawyers do not practice in federal court. From the unique detention process… Learn More DUI/Drunk Driving Defending against driving under the influence charges requires competence and skill in handling scientific evidence and expert testimony. Learn More Language switcher English EN Español ES Contact Us for a free consultation. URL This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * First Type of Case Phone Email * Message CAPTCHA Δ Alanna D. Coopersmith, Attorney at Law 420 Third Street, Suite 250 Oakland, CA 94607 (510) 628-0596 Fax: (866) 365-9759 alanna@eastbaydefense.com Terms of Use | Sitemap © 2026 East Bay Defense. All rights reserved. Attorney Web Design by Legal Web Design Search for: Search Button
