Firm: Law Office of M. Gerald Schwartzbach
URL: https://www.mgslawyer.com/
Title: Criminal Defense Attorney | San Francisco | Civil Litigation

Criminal Defense Attorney | San Francisco | Civil Litigation Home Attorney Profile Consultations Memoir Public Speaking Awards & Honors Practice Areas Media Resources Contact 655 Redwood Highway Suite 277 Mill Valley, CA 94941 San Francisco Bay Area Phone: (415) 388-2343 Fax: (415) 388-2353 Criminal Defense Attorney - San Francisco Bay Area Welcome to the Law Offices of M. Gerald Schwartzbach, where no case is too big or too small. Criminal Defense and Civil Litigation: The firm accepts all kinds of criminal cases, misdemeanors to felonies, from simple to the most complex. Mr. Schwartzbach also litigates civil cases, including personal injury law suits. Additionally, he is available to consult on criminal defense and civil matters and is available for public speaking engagements. Criminal Defense Attorney: Mr. Schwartzbach is a San Francisco Bay Area criminal defense attorney who has practiced law for 50 years and has tried numerous high profile cases. He is listed on The National Trial Lawyers Top 100 Trial Lawyers , Super Lawyers and Best Lawyers , plus as one of the Preeminent Lawyers on the Martindale-Hubbell Bar Register and he is included on the Marquis Publications lists of Who's Who in the World , the Who's Who in America list and also the Who's Who in American Law list. Although his office is located in Marin County, just north of San Francisco, he has represented clients throughout California and the United States as a criminal defense attorney. His criminal defense practice areas include: Assault and Battery, Burglary, Robbery, Theft, Protective Orders and Restraining Orders, Criminal Threats, Domestic Violence, Motor Vehicle issues like Driving Under the Influence (DUI) or Drunk Driving, License Suspensions, Hit and Runs, Traffic Violations, Vehicular Manslaughter, Drug Charges, Elder, Adult or Dependent Abuse, Sex Crimes, Stalking and Juvenile Crimes or Kidnapping. He also litigates White Collar crimes like Fraud, Conspiracy, Embezzlement, Forgery, Extortion, Factual Innocence, False Arrest or Imprisonment, Violent Crimes and Firearm Offenses like Manslaughter, Homicide, Murder and other Weapons Charges, Parole or Probation Violations and Receiving Stolen Property, Search and Seizure, Shoplifting or Three Strikes offenses. Civil Litigation: During his career, he has litigated a variety of civil cases and was one of three lawyers who obtained a verdict in excess of $296 million. In addition to litigating his own civil actions , Mr. Schwartzbach is available for association by other attorneys for purposes of consultation, trial or both. He has frequently been associated with Family Law lawyers for the purpose of conducting evidentiary hearings, including those related to petitions to obtain restraining orders. His civil litigation practice areas include: Car Accidents, Torts, Negligence, Personal Injury, Product or Premises Liability. To see Mr. Schwartzbach's more significant career accomplishments, please visit our Media section or his Profile . Please Contact Mr. Schwartzbach, a San Francisco Bay Area lawyer for legal consultations, to discuss criminal defense or civil litigation matters and to schedule public speaking engagements. This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Home Attorney Profiles Practice Areas Media Resources Contact The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for individual advice regarding your own situation. Copyright © 2012-2022 by Law Offices of M. Gerald Schwartzbach, A Professional Corporation. All rights reserved. You may reproduce materials available at this site for your own personal use and for non-commercial distribution. All copies must include this copyright statement. Privacy Policy Powered by Great Websites Made Easy
