Firm: Emerick Law Offices
URL: https://www.emericklawoffices.com/
Title: Emerick Law Offices P.C. Immigration Law and Criminal Defense Law Santa Rosa California

Emerick Law Offices P.C. Immigration Law and Criminal Defense Law Santa Rosa California open hours: 24/7 – Se Habla Español Scott 707.800.9529 Angela 707.596.8529 Make Payment Home Attorneys Scott Emerick Angela Emerick, of Counsel Immigration Services Fiancé & Marriage Visas Family Petitions Waivers Deportation Defense Adjustment of Status Naturalization DACA VAWA U Visa USCIS Interviews Immigration Resources Criminal Defense DUI Theft Crime Drug Charges Violent Crimes WeaponsPossessions Marijuana Law Fish & Game Violation Probation Violation Post Conviction Relief Expungements Resources Contact Home Attorneys Scott Emerick Angela Emerick, of Counsel Immigration Services Fiancé & Marriage Visas Family Petitions Waivers Deportation Defense Adjustment of Status Naturalization DACA VAWA U Visa USCIS Interviews Immigration Resources Criminal Defense DUI Theft Crime Drug Charges Violent Crimes Weapons Possessions Marijuana Law Fish & Game Violation Probation Violation Post Conviction Relief Expungements Resources Contact Welcome to Emerick Law Offices P.C. Criminal Defense & Immigration Attorneys Contact us Affordable & Professional Legal Counsel in Sonoma County Contact us Need Legal Advice? Call us for a Consultation Contact us Google Translator Welcome to Emerick Law Offices P.C. Bay Area Criminal Defense & Immigration Attorneys Emerick Law Offices P.C. is a boutique law firm founded on zealous advocacy for our clients and a passion for what we do. Whether you are facing criminal charges, dealing with immigration issues, or simply have questions about what you believe may be a situation requiring an attorney, we are here to help. We understand that the court system is intimidating and overwhelming. Our team is committed to working with you to help you understand your options and the process. We will be with you each step of the way giving you the personal attention you deserve. If you are facing immigration or criminal charges, do not delay, contact us today so we can start working on your case. We accept all major credit cards and offer payment plans in some instances. Click the button below to be re-directed to our payment center. Make Payment MEET OUR ATTORNEYS Scott and Angela met in law school. It was love at first sight. Their relationship was strengthened by the bond that only those who have taken law school exams and the California State Bar can understand. If they could make it through that experience, they could make it through all of life’s experiences. After getting married, and passing the bar, they decided that rather than waste away for 70 hours a week in a large firm they would follow their passions and open their own practice. Emerick Law Offices P.C. was born. CRIMINAL LAW Facing criminal charges is frightening experience. The legal system is confusing and intimidating. Let us help you manage the stress, better understand the criminal court process and advocate for your best interests. No matter what the charges, we are here to help. If you have been arrested, time is of the essence, contact us today to make sure your interests are being protected. Read More Find me on Social Media IMMIGRATION LAW “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore…” This is part of the inscription at the base of the Statue of Liberty. It is the ideal upon which the United States was founded, and our goal is to help you navigate the complex world of the immigration process on your path to citizenship or legal status. We are here to help 24/7.... Read More Find me on Social Media Contact Emerick Law Offices P.C. for a Consultation Scott Emerick Criminal Attorney Call/Text: 707.800.9529 Email: Scott@emericklawoffices.com Angela Emerick Immigration Attorney Call/Text: 707.596.8529 Email: Angela@emericklawoffices.com Business Hours Open Hours: 24/7 Business Address 880 2nd Street, Santa Rosa, CA 95404 Why Emerick Law Offices P.C. Focused Practice. We do what we love, and immigration law and criminal defense are our passions. We both made the choice not to work for the big firms and to put our energy into what we love. We don’t want to be good at everything; we want to be great where we focus. Personal service. Have a question; call us, on our cell phone, or email, or text. We believe in client service, and that means when you have questions; you have access to us, not an answering service. Local Attorneys. We live and work in Sonoma County. There are many online attorneys who will take your money, and you will never meet them. Instead they farm their work out and hire attorneys to make special appearances for them. Not us, you hire us, you get us. We are the ones with the relationships with the Courts and Opposing Counsels. We are the ones who know your case inside and out. So we are the ones who show up and advocate for you. Reasonable Costs. We get it, lawyers are expensive, and rightfully so. Our education is not cheap, nor is the value of our experience. But we are still reasonable. We keep our overhead low, allowing us to pass along competitive rates to our clients. We are also transparent with our fees. You know where every dollar is going. We also offer payment plans. We love what we do. As the saying goes, when you love what you do, you never work a day in your life. We feel blessed to be in a position to help our friends and neighbors. Our satisfaction comes from putting in the effort, advocating for our clients and knowing that we put our heart and soul into each and every case we have. Scott is hands down the most down to earth lawyer. I haven't met many lawyers that take the time to get to know the person behind the problem. Scott took the time to help me understand the process and followed up after to ensure everything went well. He went above and beyond the call of duty which I couldn't be more grateful for. A.P. Business Client If there were 10 more stars to select for this rating, I would do it in an instant. Scott is absolutely incredible. When I felt like my world was falling apart, he provided amazing amounts of support, both logistically and emotionally. He truly knows how to guide clients through this insanely stressful process. He goes above and beyond what is required of him. I cannot sing this man's praises enough. Anyone who works with him is profoundly lucky. R.S. Business Client During my conversation with Angela, she asked me many questions to understand my situation in depth. She was very patient and was very willing to hear what I had to say. As an English Language Learner, I really appreciated that Angela spent her time on ensuring that I did understand all the details of related regulations. I would recommend others to contact Angela for immigration related cases. Y.C. Business Client I went on the internet looking for an attorney experienced in immigration law. When I called Angela she was very kind and spent time on the phone answering my questions. She told me she would get back to me with more information. A few days later she followed through and emailed me twice with more details. For all those questions answered she gets an A+ from me. D.R. Business Client Angela was caring and understanding, as well as easy to work with in terms of communication and availability. I would highly recommend her and, while I hope my child and I never need to go through this process again, should the need arise, I know that Angela Emerick will be the person I call. J.B. Business Client Angela Emerick: one of the best immigration lawyer in the northern area!!! She is so good i call her my state farm insurance: cause she is always there when i need her. C.G. Business Client get in touch Scott Emerick Criminal Law: 707.800.9529 Angela Emerick Immigration Law: 707.596.8529 Scott@emericklawoffices.com Angela@emericklawoffices.com 880 2nd Street Santa Rosa, CA 95404 Criminal Law DUI Theft Crime Drug Charges Violent Crimes Weapons Possessions Marijuana Law Fish & Game Violation Probation Violation Post Conviction Relief Expungements Immigration Law Fiancé & Marriage Visas Family Petitions Waivers Adjustments of Status Naturalization DACA VAWA U Visa USCIS Interviews Immigration Resources Deportation Defense Payment Center Make Payment @2018 Emerick Law Offices P.C. All rights reserved. Designed by Jason Elwood
