Firm: Morris Law PC
URL: https://www.morrisdefense.com/
Title: Oakland Criminal Defense Attorney | Award-Winning | Morris Law

Oakland Criminal Defense Attorney | Award-Winning | Morris Law Morris Law, PC acquires The Castillo Law Office — Expanding criminal defense across the Bay Area. Read the full story × The Castillo Law Office Morris Law PC A Criminal Defense Firm Announcement Morris Law, PC acquires The Castillo Law Office Expanding criminal defense services across all nine Bay Area counties — bringing stronger advocacy to more clients. Read the full story Closes automatically > Skip to Main Content About Areas Served Oakland Berkeley All Areas We Serve Practice Areas Cases We Handle Drug Charges Weapon Crimes Violent Crimes Sex Crimes Juvenile Defense Domestic Violence DUI Federal Crimes Murder Theft Felony Crimes Misdemeanor Crimes White Collar Crimes Gang Crimes Title IX Case Results Client Reviews Resources Criminal Process Bail Guide In the News Legal Blog Contact Us Search for: Search Oakland Criminal Defense Attorney The Volume of Injustice is Deafening, and you need defense attorney Seth Morris in your corner. When the California legal system fails you, you can’t leave yourself or your child at the mercy of a judge and 12 jurors. Oakland criminal defense attorney Seth Morris has saved his clients from the grasp of the system time and time again by securing dismissals and no-time deals on murder cases and people facing life in prison. Facing Criminal Charges in Oakland? Call for a Free Consult 510-330-0814 An Oakland Defense Attorney Who Brings Passion to Your Case Oakland defense attorney Seth Morris is one of California’s most skilled and talented trial lawyers. He is committed to keeping his clients out of custody and bringing them home to their families because this isn’t just his job; it’s his life’s work. Whether it’s reducing bail to go home that night or challenging flaky evidence from the prosecution, he puts his gloves on and fights for what you deserve. As a criminal lawyer in the Bay Area practicing in California trial courts and federal courts, Seth understands the uphill battle you face when entering the California criminal justice system. When the court looks at you with contempt, it is your Sixth Amendment right to have an unbiased representative to ensure a fair trial and uphold your constitutional rights. Seth represents each person, their best interests, and fights harder in their defense than any other. Ari D. Seth has built a reputation for being a dependable criminal attorney you can trust to be there when you need him. Criminal charges require quick action and a sense of urgency that not every attorney can offer. When you’ve been robbed of your freedom, he will provide unrivaled dedication to your case. He is your helping hand to guide you through the California criminal court process. Schedule a Free & Confidential Consultation Today How an Oakland Criminal Attorney Benefits You From resources like expert witnesses to negotiating with the prosecution, a skilled Oakland criminal defense attorney is invaluable to your criminal case. Here’s How: Experience in Local Bay Area Courts An Oakland criminal defense attorney has experience defending clients in local courts throughout the Bay Area. You can expect to appear in one of the following courts: Wiley W. Manuel Courthouse 661 Washington Street Oakland, CA 94607 René C. Davidson Courthouse 1225 Fallon Street Oakland, CA 94612 East County Hall of Justice 5151 Gleason Drive Dublin, CA 94568 No matter where you appear in court, it won’t be Seth’s first time there. Thorough Understanding of California Criminal Law Seth has worked in the California legal system for years as a public defender, litigation associate, and private criminal defense attorney — all of which have given him extensive experience and a broad understanding of California law as well as the U.S. constitution. Attorney Morris is aware of your rights and won’t stand by and watch them be violated. Exploiting Weaknesses in the Prosecution’s Case Although the odds may seem stacked against you, the prosecution has the burden of proving your guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. If the evidence isn’t compelling enough for a conviction, your charges will be dismissed, and you’ll be free to go. A skilled criminal lawyer can challenge the evidence against you and fight to have it thrown out. Providing Dedicated Representation An Oakland criminal defense attorney can provide unmatched experience and dedication to fighting the charges against you. When police are making an arrest or raid, they will try to use anything to incriminate you. This includes anything you say. Attorney Morris can speak on your behalf and prevent self-incrimination. Schedule Your Free Consultation with Attorney Morris. Insights from Attorney Seth Morris Follow along for quick legal tips and updates More Videos Morris Law Defends Against Many Criminal Offenses From our law office on 11th street , Morris Law has handled hundreds of criminal cases and serves all nine Bay Area counties. Whether you were charged with a felony or misdemeanor offense , we’ll build a solid defense for the following criminal offenses: Gang Crimes We handle all gang-related offenses, such as assault, battery, gang-related murder, and more. Drug Charges We defend against charges of possession, possession for sale, transportation, and manufacturing, among other offenses regarding a variety of drugs such as cocaine, methamphetamine, and marijuana. Weapon Crimes From unlawful possession to assault with a deadly weapon, we’ll explain your rights under California’s gun laws. Violent Crimes From criminal threats to kidnapping, violent crimes are diverse and heavily penalized under California law. However, a violent crime attorney is key in obtaining a desirable outcome. Sex Crimes If you have been charged with any of the previously mentioned sex crimes, or another sex crime that was not listed on this page, Attorney Seth Morris can help you obtain the acquittal you need to put this nightmare behind you. Domestic Violence Domestic violence charges can have a devastating impact on your life and family. Seth Morris knows your rights and will help you walk through the criminal process unscathed. Juvenile Defense Don’t let your child fall victim to the system. DUI We’ll defend you against charges for driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs to help prevent jail time, fines, license suspension, and a hindered future. Federal Crimes Carrying substantial penalties, we take high-level cases that have escalated to federal offenses for drugs, firearms, and any other conduct that falls within the jurisdiction of the federal government. Murder Charges When facing murder charges, you need to have a reputable and experienced murder charge lawyer in Oakland, CA defend you. Theft Crimes Whether you’ve been falsely accused or you were the rightful owner of the property, your Oakland theft defense lawyer will challenge the prosecution’s case and fight to keep your future clear. Felony Crimes The felony charges against you could result in a lifelong prison sentence if you do not take steps to defend yourself. You’re Not Alone When You Face Criminal Penalties in California Although you may feel like your criminal case is too far gone, you don’t need to accept your fate. Oakland criminal defense attorney Seth Morris knows your future is riding on the court’s decision, and it’s his job to ensure a reduction or dismissal of your criminal charges . 1 Year County Jail Misdemeanor Offenses in Oakland, CA The penalties for a misdemeanor offense in Alameda County range and can be different depending on the type of misdemeanor. However, misdemeanors that don’t have a set punishment listed in the statute could have a maximum penalty of six months in jail and fines up to $1,000. These crimes include the following: 01 Possession of drugs like cocaine, heroin, or meth for personal use 02 Shoplifting of property worth $950 or less 03 Simple assault or battery 2-5 Years State Prison Felony Offenses in Oakland, CA Felony criminal offenses have low-term, mid-term, and high-term prison sentences that range depending on the statute. For a charge like drug possession transportation , you could face a sentence of 3, 4, or 5 years instead of a sentence of 3 to 5 years. The judge must choose a specific number of years for a jail sentence. Your criminal charges could be reduced from a felony to a misdemeanor if you were charged with a wobbler crime. Wobbler Crimes in Alameda County Wobbler crimes could be charged as either a misdemeanor or a felony. It is up to the prosecution to decide whether a crime should be charged as a felony or misdemeanor. This decision is often impacted by the circumstances of the crime and if the defendant has had prior convictions. Domestic violence assault is a common wobbler crime. If the assault caused severe injuries, you could be charged with a felony and face 2, 3, or 4 years in prison. If the assault was charged as a misdemeanor, you might face jail time of 1 year and fines up to $6,000. 25 Years State Prison California's Three-Strikes Law California’s three-strikes law aims to prevent individuals with prior convictions for violent felonies from reoffending. Under the three-strikes rule, the penalties progress after each strike: 01 First serious or violent felony – Normal statutory penalty 02 Second violent felony – Mandatory sentence of double the normal statutory penalty 03 Third violent felony – Mandatory sentence of 25 years to life Without a qualified criminal defense attorney, the outcome of your case is unclear. It takes a skilled criminal lawyer like Seth Morris to discredit the evidence against you, effectively negotiate with the prosecution, and highlight a path to the best possible outcome for your case. But Seth Morris can help you fight these sentences. Contact Him Now Areas Served in California As a California criminal defense law firm, Morris Law proudly serves clients throughout the Bay Area, including: Click a location in blue for more information. Alameda County Berkeley Oakland Dublin Emeryville Fremont Pleasantoon Piedmont Contra Costa County Martinez Richmond Pittsburg El Cerrito Solano County Vallejo Fairfield Santa Clara County San Jose Palo Alto Marin County San Francisco County Napa County Sonoma County San Mateo County Albany South San Francisco Publications & Appearances Attorney Morris has been interviewed and called upon to comment on topics and events impacting the legal industry throughout his career. From publications in the Washington Post to speaking at local Universities, Seth Morris has positioned himself as a thought-leader covering today’s legal issues. See All News Media Quick Links About Case Results Client Reviews Contact Us Practice Areas Drug Charges Murder Charges Sex Crimes Gun Charges Domestic Violence Federal Crimes Berkeley Office PH: 510-225-9955 2025 Rose St Ste 200, Berkeley, CA 94709-1993 Oakland Office PH: 510-330-0814 2744 E 11th St, Oakland, CA 94601 © 2026 Morris Law PC, A Criminal Defense Firm 510-225-9955 Online Form
