Firm: Bay Area Criminal Lawyers PC
URL: https://www.bayareacrimlaw.com/
Title: Bay Area Criminal Lawyers, PC in Dublin, CA and the San Francisco Bay Area

Bay Area Criminal Lawyers, PC in Dublin, CA and the San Francisco Bay Area Skip to content About David J. Cohen Clint C. Christoffersen Kayla N. Sparks Jessica P. Perez Yesenia L. Ruiz Mylan A. Gerbeyesus Practice Areas Aiding and Abetting Appeals, Writs and Habeas Corpus Petitions Arson Assault Assault with a Deadly Weapon Bribery Burglary Click for All Practice Areas Counties Covered Fees Blog Contact Make A Payment Free 1-hour Consultation Free 1-hour Consultation About David J. Cohen Clint C. Christoffersen Kayla N. Sparks Jessica P. Perez Yesenia L. Ruiz Mylan A. Gerbeyesus Practice Areas Aiding and Abetting Appeals, Writs and Habeas Corpus Petitions Arson Assault Assault with a Deadly Weapon Bribery Burglary Click for All Practice Areas Counties Covered Fees Blog Contact Make A Payment Bay Area Criminal Lawyers, PC ATTORNEYS AT LAW Defending your rights in state and federal criminal cases with comprehensive expertise and dedication. Get Your Free 1-Hour Consultation Get Help Today (925) 414-2200 Based on Real Reviews 5 Star Service Years of Experience 30+ years Who We Are Experienced Criminal Defense Lawyers Committed to Justice At Bay Area Criminal Lawyers, PC, we specialize in providing top-notch defense for state and federal criminal cases. Led by David J. Cohen , our team stands ready to fight for your rights. Established to serve clients facing criminal charges. Learn More About Our Firm Criminal Defense Practice Areas Providing Unmatched Expertise in Criminal Defense Services State Crimes Defense Murder (Violent Crimes) Serious Sex Offenses Theft/Fraud Federal Crimes Defense White Collar Drug Offenses Conspiracy Post-Conviction Relief Writs Appeals 2255/2254 Federal Petition View all Criminal Defense Practice Areas If you or someone you care about are facing criminal charges and need a lawyer in the Bay Area, our San Francisco based attorneys are available to take your call 24/7 at (925) 414-2200 . Get a Free 1-Hour Consultation Why Choose Bay Area Criminal Lawyers, PC? Our team is dedicated to fighting for your rights. With decades of combined experience, we provide personalized legal defense tailored to your specific needs. Our criminal attorneys handle criminal cases at both trial and appellate levels. The firm is also known for handling complex federal and state white collar matters as well as post-conviction habeas corpus and writ proceedings . Personalized Legal Strategy Every case is unique. We create tailored strategies for your defense, ensuring that we address your specific circumstances and concerns. Learn More About Firm Philosophy Decades of Experience Led by David J. Cohen, our team brings years of experience in handling complex cases, providing you with unparalleled expertise and insight. Learn More About Our Team Client Success Stories Don’t Take It From Us, Take It From Our Clients “Mr. Cohen gets straight to the point by listening to you, making sure he understands all the facts, strategizing with you to give you the maximum comfort that he knows how you are feeling and also very honest in how he believes you fare in your case. I would use him again in a heartbeat and am so thankful to have found him." N.R. Name withheld to protect client confidentiality “Clint was very informed and handled my case with delicacy and accuracy. It was a very old warrant that was unknown for over a decade and he fought for me to get a just outcome. I highly recommend this team of lawyers. No hidden fees, no overcharges. you pay what you are quoted and they go the extra mile for you." S.F. Name withheld to protect client confidentiality “Special thanks to attorney Cherie Wallace and legal secretary Jessica for taking care of me and making me feel like I was in safe hands! The attorneys and staff always kept in touch with me which really made me feel like they were doing everything possible to get me released! Bay Area Criminal Lawyers, PC are reliable and affordable!” J.H. Name withheld to protect client confidentiality Are you or someone you care about facing criminal charges? Reach Out for Your Free One Hour Consultation Contact Us Today (925) 414-2200 Reach Out for Your Free One Hour Consultation Today! About Practice Areas Fees Blog Contact Make A Payment Free 1-Hour Consultation Office: 7567 Amador Valley Blvd., Suite 310, Dublin, CA 94568 | Phone: (925) 414-2200 24/7 Cell: (415)990-9946 LinkedIn Facebook X Instagram YouTube Disclaimer: The criminal defense, DUI defense, drug crimes and other legal information presented on this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer or attorney client relationship. Any results portrayed here were dependent on the facts of a particular legal matter and results vary from case to case. Please contact Bay Area Criminal Lawyers, PC for a consultation on your particular matter. Privacy Notice - View our Privacy Policy Copyright © 2026 Bay Area Criminal Lawyers, PC Scroll to Top
