Firm: VIB Law Office
URL: https://viblaw.com/
Title: San Jose’s Top Criminal Defense Firm - VIB Law

San Jose’s Top Criminal Defense Firm - VIB Law Skip to content Pay Online 408-920-9720 Attorneys Patrick Valencia Riccardo Ippolito Criminal Defense Domestic Violence Sex Crime DUI Juvenile Crime Record Clearance Drug Crime Violent Crime Free Consultation Free Consultation San Jose’s Top Criminal Defense Firm When your freedom, reputation, and career are on the line, you deserve the best possible defense At VIB Law, our award-winning criminal defense attorneys bring over 75 years of combined experience to fight for you practicing in courts around Alameda, San Mateo, Santa Clara and Santa Cruz Country courthouses. We are the largest and most successful criminal defense firm in Northern California – yet we pride ourselves on personal attention: “Big enough to fight for you, small enough to care.” Our team of seasoned defense lawyers provide a proactive, aggressive, client-centered approach to every case. We have successfully defended thousands of clients and earned recognition for excellence in our fields. For example, partner Riccardo Ippolito was named one of the “Top Lawyers in California” , and partner Patrick Valencia was honored as “Juvenile Attorney of the Year” by San Jose Magazine. Practice Areas Click a practice area for more information Domestic Violence Sex Crimes DUI Juvenile Crimes Record Clearance & Expungement Drug Crimes Violent Crimes Domestic Violence Corporal Injury on a Spouse or Cohabitant Domestic Battery Criminal Threats Stalking Child Abuse / Endangerment Elder Abuse Restraining Order Violations Sex Crimes Indecent Exposure Sexual Battery Oral Copulation Sodomy Rape Lewd or Lascivious Acts with a Minor Continuous Sexual Abuse of a Child Possession or Distribution of Child Pornography Removal from Sex Offender Registry DUI Driving Under the Influence Driving with a BAC of 0.08 % or Higher Drugged Driving / DUI with Drugs Combined Alcohol and Drug DUI Wet Reckless (alcohol-related plea reduction) Felony DUI (e.g., with injury, death, or multiple priors) Juvenile Crimes Minor in Possession of Alcohol Juvenile DUI Vandalism & Property Damage Shoplifting & Petty Theft School-Related Offenses (Fights, Bullying, Drugs) Truancy & Curfew Violations Record Clearance & Expungement Expungement of Misdemeanor Convictions Expungement of Felony Convictions Juvenile Record Sealing Early Termination of Probation Reduction of Felonies to Misdemeanors (PC §17(b)) Certificate of Rehabilitation 290 Sex Registration List Removal Drug Crimes Possession of Controlled Substances Possession for Sale / Intent to Sell Drug Trafficking or Distribution Possession of Drug Paraphernalia Manufacturing or Cultivation Drug Possession in a Vehicle Violent Crimes Assault Battery Assault with a Deadly Weapon Robbery Criminal Threats Murder Manslaughter Gun-Related Offenses Our Criminal Defense Attorneys Patrick Valencia Partner, Criminal Defense Attorney Riccardo Ippolito Partner, Criminal Defense Attorney “Forget the Rest, Hire the Best!!” – At VIB Law, this isn’t just a slogan, it’s how we operate. We are a modern Silicon Valley criminal defense firm with a proactive, aggressive, client-centered approach to every case. Our attorneys have over 75 years of combined experience successfully defending clients in the Bay Area. Meet the VIB team Why Choose VIB LAW Decades of Experience Over 75 years combined in criminal law – from misdemeanors to high-stakes felonies, state or federal. We’ve seen it all and prevailed in cases other firms thought unwinnable. Top Credentials Award-winning lawyers, and published author in defense strategies. Our attorneys are frequently recognized as San Jose’s top criminal defenders. Client Trust & Results The majority of our new clients come from referrals – past clients or even other lawyers who trust us with serious cases. Check out our client testimonials below to see how we’ve helped people in situations like yours. Aggressive & Proactive We don’t “wait and see.” We intervene immediately – gathering evidence, contacting witnesses, and, when possible, influencing charging decisions before they’re set in stone. From day one, we craft a strategy to protect you. Client-Centered Service You will work directly with a partner attorney at our firm – the lawyer you hire is the lawyer who represents you in court. We maintain close communication (calls and emails returned same day) and treat clients with compassion and respect (we know your life is on the line). Stay Out Of Jail We completely dedicate ourselves to protecting the future and freedom of our clients. We look for alternatives for jail for all of our clients. These options include electronic monitoring, weekend work or community service, residential treatment, or other innovative sentencing ideas. We know the justice system in Silicon Valley. Contact Us Today We’re ready to stand by you 24/7 and fight for you when it matters most. Take the First Step to Protect Your Future: Schedule a free, confidential consultation . An experienced defense attorney will listen to your story and outline a plan – at no charge. We offer flexible scheduling (evenings or weekends) and payment plans, because everyone deserves top-quality defense regardless of budget. For Urgent Matters: Call: (408) 920-9720 or Toll-Free: 1-877-766-5245 REQUEST A FREE CONSULTATION We proudly serve clients in the following SF Bay Area communities: Alameda, Berkeley, Burlingame, Campbell, Cupertino, Daly City, Dublin, Foster City, Fremont, Gilroy, Hayward, Livermore, Los Altos, Los Gatos, Menlo Park, Milpitas, Morgan Hill, Mountain View, Newark, Oakland, Pacifica, Palo Alto, Pleasanton, Redwood City, San Bruno, San Jose, San Leandro, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Saratoga, South San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Union City, Watsonville 675 N 1st Street, Suite 790 San Jose, California 95112 (877) 766-5245 (408) 920-9720 Contact Client Resources Client Guarantee Pay Online Copyright © 2026 VIB Law. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2026 VIB Law. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
