Firm: DefendCA
URL: https://www.defendca.com/
Title: Best Criminal Defense Attorney In California | Thomas Greenberg

Best Criminal Defense Attorney In California | Thomas Greenberg About Us Our Results Areas Served Redwood City Practice Areas Drunk Driving Defense Lawyer DUI Domestic Violence Charges Theft Charges Assault and Battery Drug Offense Criminal Process Law Vandalism Charges Misdemeanor and Felony Vandalism Vandalism Charges Probation Violations Charges Mental Health Diversion Bail Lawyer Misdemeanor Diversion Warrants Expungement Services Certificate of Rehabilitation Dismissal or Reduction Public Intoxication Charges Sexual Assault Charges Criminal Trespassing California Three Strikes Law Defense Priorable Strikes Blogs DUI Drug Crimes Felony Misdemeanor Contact Us Español (650) 242-0021 (650) 242-0021 Arrested? We can help! If you have been charged with a crime, contact an experienced criminal defense attorney! Free Consultation Call now Our Results Driving Under the Influence – Acquittal Client was charged with a blood alcohol triple the legal limit and admitted driving. The case was taken to trial and the client was found NOT GUILTY. Domestic Violence – Dismissed Client was arrested for hitting her husband with a bat. After negotating with the judge and the district attorney, the case was DISMISSED. Drugs – Dismissed Client was found with a needle of ketamine in his arm when the police arrived. A sticky situation for a physician charged with a crime. After filing a motion, the case was DISMISSED. Criminal Defense Client, a stay at home mom, was accused of illegally tracking the suspected girlfriend of her husband using a GPS tracking device illegally. Client had admitted using the device. The prosecutor failed to prove their case. Client was acquitted! Drugs Client was found on probation with drugs hidden on his person. At trial, the officer testified that he found the drugs and the client admitted they were his. Client’s position was that the officer had planted the drugs. Client was aquitted! Assault & Battery Client was accused of punching the victim and breaking his eye socket. Victim lied about who began the fight. Assault and battery were dismissed! Theft Client was accused of changing bar codes on purchases at a large box retailer. Client was caught on video. Case dismissed! Domestic Violence Client was accused of beating her boyfriend with a stick on two separate occasions. She was much smaller than her boyfriend. She admitted hitting him at least once. Case dismissed! DUI Client was arrested for driving under the influence. At trial, the office testified the client admitted drinking and driving. Client testified the officer was lying. Client was aquitted! View More results TESTIMONIALS What Our Clients Are Saying About Us Legal excellence, personal impact: Hear our clients' stories of justice and advocacy. From complex litigation to personal triumphs, discover how we've made a difference in their lives. Every testimonial is a testament to our commitment to client care and legal expertise. The best thing about Thomas is he puts you at extreme ease. You know things are going to work out in your favor. Always reliable, readily available, and he has a heart of gold. He genuinely cares about his clients. Mary Thomas represented my brother in a DUI case in which he was wrongfully accused. I was very impressed with Tom's great communication and patience with us along the way up to trial. He went up to bat for him and hit it out of the park and ended up getting the case dismissed. Mark One of The Best Attorneys in San Mateo County. I have never had a problem getting a hold of him, and he never gave me the run around. He is very professional and knows what he is doing. I couldn't believe how fast he made the process and cleared everything up for me. Melissa Experienced criminal defense Thomas Greenberg Attorney Thomas Greenberg is committed to criminal defense. His extensive knowledge and experience give him the edge you need to properly handle your case. (650) 242-0021 contact@defendca.com 605 Middlefield Road, Redwood City, CA 94063 DOWNLOAD VCARD Free Consultation (650) 242-0021 Practice Areas We serve all areas of criminal defense. If you have been accused or arrested, we can help. DUI Driving under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs and DMV Suspensions Read More Domestic Violence A crime against an "intimate partner" which can be threats or violence Read More Theft The unlawful taking of the property of another Read More Assault & Battery The unlawful use of force upon the person of another Read More Drugs Use or possession of a controlled substance Read More Criminal Defense All other types of criminal cases & defenses Read More CONTACT FORM Call now for a free consultation In most cases, time is not on your side. You need someone to fight for your rights today. We welcome the opportunity to speak to you regarding your case. Redwood City, CA 605 Middlefield Road, Redwood City, CA 94063 (650) 242-0021 contact@defendca.com Featured FAQs Here are some answers to some commonly asked questions. Questions What types of cases does your law firm handle? We handle all types of criminal cases from misdemeanors to felonies. We also handle criminal restraining orders and DMV hearings on license suspensions. Whether you have been charged with a DUI, domestic violence, theft, assault & battery or any other type of criminal case; we can help. Do you charge for consultations? Our initial consultation is free. It is important to get more information regarding your case before we are able to charge a fee. It is usually best to meet in person in my office so we can gather all of the information and documents that you can provide, so that we can provide the best possible defense in your case. If necessary, we can also meet by phone. The initial consultation is usually 20-30 minutes but can vary widely depending on the case. How long does the process take? The process can vary widely depending on the seriousness of the case and the evidence that the prosecution possesses. Some cases are resolved in a few short weeks, while a serious felony might last 3-4 years. Most misdemeanors are handled in 120-180 days. Some cases benefit from exercising one's speedy trial rights, while many others are better off taking things slowly and gathering all potential defense witnesses, evidence and other documents. How much will it cost? No two cases are alike. It is important to spend time during the initial consultation discussing the case so that we can try to provide the most reasonable fee during the case. In many cases, we will accept a payment plan. We do not have a fixed fee for all cases. Our fees are reasonable and competitive. When should I call an attorney? It most cases, the sooner you call the better! An attorney can make a difference in a case during all stages of the case. Speaking to an attorney before speaking with police officers or posting bail can make a significant difference. You have a constitutional right to an attorney. Anything you say to police officers or law enforcement can be used against you. Exercise your right to an attorney before speaking to law enforcement and protect your rights. We can refer you or your loved ones to a bail agent and get you released faster. Blogs Our Latest News You’ll find news regarding our services Crime Defense How California Protects Immigrants in Criminal Court in 2026 Summary California has strong laws that limit cooperation between local law enforcement and federal immigration authorities like ICE. Immigrants have… Read More Felony Can a Felony Be Reduced to a Misdemeanor Before Trial in California? AB 321 Explained Summary Some felony charges in California can be reduced to misdemeanors before trial, but only under specific legal conditions This option typically… Read More ICE Can ICE Arrest You at a California Courthouse? Summary ICE can arrest individuals at courthouses in California under federal immigration authority, even though state laws limit local cooperation … Read More Give Us A Call (650) 242-0021 Office Location 605 Middlefield Road, Redwood City, CA 94063 Send Us A Message contact@defendca.com Attorney Thomas Greenberg is passionate about protecting your rights. His extensive knowledge and experience give him the edge you need to properly handle your case. Quick Links About Thomas Greenberg Law Firm Practice Areas Blogs Our Results Useful Links Privacy Policy Contact Us Español In most cases, time is not on your side. You need someone to fight for your rights today. We welcome the opportunity to speak to you regarding your case. Call Us Today Law Offices of Thomas Greenberg Copyright © 2025. All rights reserved. Call Now Button
