Firm: Vera Law Office
URL: https://www.veralawoffice.com/
Title: Vera Law Office – Vera Law Office

Vera Law Office – Vera Law Office Toggle SlidingBar Area Call for a free consultation (510) 434-2700 | help@veralawoffice.com en Español Home Criminal Defense Crimes & Immigration Drug Crimes Domestic Violence DUI Defense Expungements Juvenile Delinquency Medical Cannabis Misdemeanors & Felonies Probation Issues Sex Offenses Theft Crimes Traffic Offenses Weapons Personal Injury Personal Injury Police Misconduct About Contact en Español Experienced, Aggressive and Passionate Criminal Defense. Francisco J. Vera, Esq. 510-434-2700 510-434-2700 Homepage veralawoffices 2024-05-09T22:04:05+00:00 When you’ve been accused of a crime, you need a skilled lawyer who will stand with you no matter how hard the fight becomes. Francisco J. Vera is the experienced Oakland-San Francisco Bay Area Trial Lawyer you need. He’s successfully handled thousands of cases from DUIs and misdemeanors to serious felonies and is ready to represent you. “ highly knowledgeable and skillful in his field of work” —N.C. Contact Us For a Free Consultation CONTACT MISDEMEANORS & FELONIES Serious matters like misdemeanors and felonies can result in lengthy incarceration and even a prison sentence, probation or parole, mandatory supervision and fines. You need immediate legal representation from an experienced criminal defense lawyer. Learn More DUI—DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE If you are arrested for DUI, you stand to lose a lot more than your driver’s license. We’ll fight aggressively to make sure you get the best possible defense in court. Learn More JUVENILE DELINQUENCY Juvenile offenses can have far-reaching consequences, affecting your life long after you turn 18. Get help from a lawyer with in depth knowledge of the California juvenile court system. Learn More DOMESTIC VIOLENCE CASES Domestic violence charges can affect both your family life and reputation. We understand the complexity of relationships and family dynamics and are experienced to help you in all aspects of your case. Learn More IMMIGRANTS FACING CRIMINAL CHARGES Don’t leave your and your family’s futures to chance. Hire a lawyer who understands the immigration consequences of your criminal case and will fight for you. Learn More POLICE MISCONDUCT & CIVIL RIGHTS Have you been harmed at the hands of the police? Or have your rights been trampled on by our government? Don’t be afraid to bring your case to light—we can help. Learn More PERSONAL INJURY If you’ve been hurt in an auto accident because of someone else’s negligence, we’ll fight tirelessly to make sure you get the justice and compensation you deserve. Learn More Contact Us For a Free Consultation CONTACT Oakland Office 460 Boulevard Way, Suite 3 Oakland, CA 94610 Phone (510) 434-2700 help@veralawoffice.com Fairfield Office 711 Jefferson Street, Suite 200 Fairfield, CA 94533 Phone (707) 639-1313 Fax (707) 639-1344 PROVEN EXPERIENCED ADVOCACY Led by experienced trial lawyer, Francisco J. Vera, the Vera Law Office is an Oakland and Fairfield based criminal defense, civil rights and personal injury law firm serving Alameda, Contra Costa, Solano and the surrounding San Francisco Bay Area counties. Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions - Copyright 2016 Vera Law Office. The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation. We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters, and electronic mail. Contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship.
