Firm: Law Offices of Seth P. Chazin
URL: https://www.bayarea-attorney.com/
Title: San Francisco Sex Crime Attorney | Law Offices of Seth P. Chazin

San Francisco Sex Crime Attorney | Law Offices of Seth P. Chazin Free Consultation 1-800-499-9902 Free Consultation 1-800-499-9902 Home Firm Client Reviews and Recommendations Case Results Attorney Locations Oakland Albany San Francisco Privacy Policy Practice Areas Federal Crimes Federal Statute of Limitations Defenses to Federal Crimes Computer and Internet Crimes Defense Drug Trafficking White Collar Crimes Internet Sex Crimes Mortgage Fraud Money Laundering Federal Expungements and Pardons Federal Sentencing Guidelines Federal Crimes Case Results Fraud & Embezzlement Cybercrime Unauthorized Computer Access (Otherwise Known as Hacking) Fraud & Embezzlement Defenses Fraud and Embezzlement Case Results Unemployment Insurance Fraud Sex Offenses Sex Crimes Defense Child Molestation If You Are Being Investigated Child Pornography What to do when you are under Investigation Things to know if you are being investigated for child-pornography Can You Be Charged with Child Pornography for Looking at Animation? Internet Solicitation San Francisco Bay Area Child Pornography Defense Sex Offender Registration - Failure to File Sex Crime Case Successes Sex Offender Registration Different Types of Sex Offenses Sex Crime Charges & Defenses California’s Three Tier Sex Offender Registration System Sex Offenses Case Results Terminate Sex Offender Registration DUI/DWI DUI/DWI Case Results Drug Crimes Medical Marijuana Drug Crimes Case Results Violent Crimes Assault & Battery Law Assault & Battery Defense Kidnapping Violent Crime - Murder Violent Crimes Case Results Domestic Violence Prosecution Tactics in Domestic Violence Cases Domestic Violence Case Results Pre File Representation Know Your Rights Post-Conviction Representation Expungements Certificate of Rehabilitation & Pardons Appeals Pardons Alternatives to Jail/Prison - COVID-19 Resources Articles FAQS Blog Contact CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY WITH OVER 30 YEARS EXPERIENCE Aggressive Representation When Freedom Is On The Line Learn More Call 1-800-499-9902 for an Aggressive Defense If you are charged with a federal or state criminal offense in the San Francisco Bay Area, call us immediately. Learn More Federal & State Representation If you are charged with a federal or state criminal offense in the San Francisco Bay Area, we can help. Call 1-800-499-9902. Learn More Aggressive Representation When Freedom Is on the Line Are you facing serious criminal charges and a potentially life-altering conviction? Consult with a San Francisco criminal defense lawyer who will aggressively defend your rights and your future. Trust in one who will provide you with the highest quality legal representation. San Francisco criminal defense lawyer Seth P. Chazin has been named a Top 100 Lawyer. During his more than 30 years of experience, attorney Chazin has effectively defended thousands of clients accused of crimes in the Bay Area, California and in various places throughout the United States. Drawing upon his history of success , he will provide clients with the knowledge, skill and aggressiveness needed to secure the best possible results. Criminal defense attorney Seth P. Chazin represents clients in Federal and State court facing felony or misdemeanor charges for all types of criminal offenses . To contact his office 24 hours a day, call 1-800-499-9902 . Free consultations are available. Proactive Intervention in Both State and Federal Criminal Law Cases It is extremely important to consult with a defense lawyer as soon as you discover that you are under investigation for a state or federal criminal charge . Once a case is charged, the consequences become that much more serious. Thus, it is important to intervene before charges are filed. Mr. Chazin has succeeded many times at preventing the filing of charges for state and federal crimes- ranging from federal white collar cases to federal and state child pornography cases, all types of sex crimes , DUI/DWI's and violent crimes . When this is not possible, he can often defer and/or minimize prosecution. He works closely with clients to gather information, evaluate their cases and develop effective defense strategies. In particular, attorney Chazin has enjoyed the highest level of success defending clients accused of white collar crimes and sex crimes/offenses . He has also been successful in removing clients from the sex offender registration list under Penal Code § 290, as well as helping clients remove their names from the Department of Justice Megan's List. To learn more, please see a recent article about the latest ruling regarding sex offender registration. Seth Chazin is a co-author of a book entitled Evidence Discovery in Internet Pornography Cases , and has written on the subject of child pornography cases. When facing criminal charges, it is always in your best interests to secure legal representation as quickly as possible. Law enforcement will often attempt to take advantage of you. They may convince you to make incriminating statements, or take action against you that might not happen if you already have legal representation. Attorney Chazin and his firm can help you avoid these legal pitfalls and keep every potential defense option open and viable. Recent Case Successes Seth Chazin wins major victory in murder case Victory for Innocent Client - Murder Charges Dismissed in Alleged Oakland Gang Shooting. The case was dropped. To read more about the case, visit this article published by KTVU, Channel 2 News. Seth Chazin wins major acquittal in Federal Court Seth P. Chazin obtained a full acquittal in a major San Francisco international federal fraud case . The jury deliberated for two days before finding the defendant not guilty on all counts in the indictment. Click the federal fraud case link for more information. Seth Chazin wins major victory in petition to terminate sex offender registration case Our client in Placer County was convicted of a felony violation of Penal Code § 243.4(d) - (Sexual Battery) that had required him to register as a sex offender pursuant to Penal Code section 290 for more than 30 years. The court GRANTED client's petition to be removed from the 290 sex offender registration list under Penal Code section 290.5 (SB 384). Seth Chazin wins major victory in sex crimes/molestation case A client in Contra Costa County was accused of molesting a friend's daughter on two occasions. His aggressive negotiations with police resulted in no charges being filed. Client in molestation case facing life imprisonment receives credit for time served and avoids deportation Client receives credit for time served and probation and avoids deportation after facing life imprisonment in a three-victim molestation case in Contra Costa County. Seth Chazin is a Consulting Expert Seth Chazin was quoted in the SF Chronicle in January, 2016, as acting criminal defense attorney on a high profile child porn case. Seth Chazin was quoted in the SF Chronicle in April, 2014, consulting as an expert on the issue of money laundering and related prosecutions in federal court. News Flash The Law Office Seth P. Chazin is a San Francisco Bay Area Criminal Defense Lawyer with over 30 years experience. Practice Areas ALTERNATIVES TO JAIL/PRISON - COVID-19 SEX OFFENSES FRAUD & EMBEZZLEMENT DOMESTIC VIOLENCE PRE FILE REPRESENTATION FEDERAL CRIMES DUI/DWI DRUG CRIMES VIOLENT CRIMES Call us today at 800-499-9902 Top Rated Attorney at AVVO Super Lawyer Voted One Of American's Top 100 Criminal Defense Attorneys Voted Best Criminal Defense Lawyer Need Professional Help With Your Legal Matter? Then contact Seth P. Chazin for your FREE Consultation at 415-222-6188. • We really do welcome your call. • We will gladly talk with you over the phone or in person, without charge. • We’ll return your call promptly day or night if we are not available when you call. • We will not pressure you in any way. • And if for some reason we can’t help you, we will put you in touch with another law firm in town… that’s our promise to you. Contact Our Firm Thank you for contacting us. We will get back to you shortly. Please provide valid information for all required fields below. Name * This field is required. Phone * This field is required. Email * This field is required. Message * This field is required. Abolish the Death Penalty “The death penalty is a lie, a misguided mistake born of anger and frustration. Capital punishment has become a perverse monument to inequality, to how some lives matter and others do not. It is a violent example of how we protect and value the rich and abandon and devalue the poor. The death penalty is a grim, disturbing shadow formed by the legacy of racial apartheid and bias against the poor that condemns the disfavored among us, but corrupts us all. It’s the perverse symbol elected officials use to strengthen their ‘tough on crime’ reputations and distract us from confronting the causes of violence. It is finally the enemy of grace, redemption and all of us who recognize that each person is more than their worse act.” -Bryan Stevenson ABOLISH THE DEATH PENALTY “The death penalty is a lie, a misguided mistake born of anger and frustration. Capital punishment has become a perverse monument to inequality, to how some lives matter and others do not. It is a violent example of how we protect and value the rich and abandon and devalue the poor. The death penalty is a grim, disturbing shadow formed by the legacy of racial apartheid and bias against the poor that condemns the disfavored among us, but corrupts us all. It’s the perverse symbol elected officials use to strengthen their ‘tough on crime’ reputations and distract us from confronting the causes of violence. It is finally the enemy of grace, redemption and all of us who recognize that each person is more than their worse act.” - Bryan Stevenson Office Locations Berkeley Office 1604 Solano Ave Berkeley , CA 94706 800-499-9902 510-525-0087 (fax) San Francisco Office 360 Ritch Street, Suite 201 San Francisco , CA 94107 415-222-6188 1 more location Home Firm Client Reviews and Recommendations Case Results Attorney Locations Oakland Albany San Francisco Privacy Policy Practice Areas Federal Crimes Federal Statute of Limitations Defenses to Federal Crimes Computer and Internet Crimes Defense Drug Trafficking White Collar Crimes Internet Sex Crimes Mortgage Fraud Money Laundering Federal Expungements and Pardons Federal Sentencing Guidelines Federal Crimes Case Results Fraud & Embezzlement Cybercrime Unauthorized Computer Access (Otherwise Known as Hacking) Fraud & Embezzlement Defenses Fraud and Embezzlement Case Results Unemployment Insurance Fraud Sex Offenses Sex Crimes Defense Child Molestation If You Are Being Investigated Child Pornography What to do when you are under Investigation Things to know if you are being investigated for child-pornography Can You Be Charged with Child Pornography for Looking at Animation? Internet Solicitation San Francisco Bay Area Child Pornography Defense Sex Offender Registration - Failure to File Sex Crime Case Successes Sex Offender Registration Different Types of Sex Offenses Sex Crime Charges & Defenses California’s Three Tier Sex Offender Registration System Sex Offenses Case Results Terminate Sex Offender Registration DUI/DWI DUI/DWI Case Results Drug Crimes Medical Marijuana Drug Crimes Case Results Violent Crimes Assault & Battery Law Assault & Battery Defense Kidnapping Violent Crime - Murder Violent Crimes Case Results Domestic Violence Prosecution Tactics in Domestic Violence Cases Domestic Violence Case Results Pre File Representation Know Your Rights Post-Conviction Representation Expungements Certificate of Rehabilitation & Pardons Appeals Pardons Alternatives to Jail/Prison - COVID-19 Resources Articles FAQS Blog Contact Connect Copyright © 2026 Law Offices of Seth P Chazin Terms of Use Privacy Policy Anti-spam Menu Home Firm Client Reviews and Recommendations Case Results Attorney Locations Oakland Albany San Francisco Privacy Policy Practice Areas Federal Crimes Federal Statute of Limitations Defenses to Federal Crimes Computer and Internet Crimes Defense Drug Trafficking White Collar Crimes Internet Sex Crimes Mortgage Fraud Money Laundering Federal Expungements and Pardons Federal Sentencing Guidelines Federal Crimes Case Results Fraud & Embezzlement Cybercrime Unauthorized Computer Access (Otherwise Known as Hacking) Fraud & Embezzlement Defenses Fraud and Embezzlement Case Results Unemployment Insurance Fraud Sex Offenses Sex Crimes Defense Child Molestation If You Are Being Investigated Child Pornography What to do when you are under Investigation Things to know if you are being investigated for child-pornography Can You Be Charged with Child Pornography for Looking at Animation? Internet Solicitation San Francisco Bay Area Child Pornography Defense Sex Offender Registration - Failure to File Sex Crime Case Successes Sex Offender Registration Different Types of Sex Offenses Sex Crime Charges & Defenses California’s Three Tier Sex Offender Registration System Sex Offenses Case Results Terminate Sex Offender Registration DUI/DWI DUI/DWI Case Results Drug Crimes Medical Marijuana Drug Crimes Case Results Violent Crimes Assault & Battery Law Assault & Battery Defense Kidnapping Violent Crime - Murder Violent Crimes Case Results Domestic Violence Prosecution Tactics in Domestic Violence Cases Domestic Violence Case Results Pre File Representation Know Your Rights Post-Conviction Representation Expungements Certificate of Rehabilitation & Pardons Appeals Pardons Alternatives to Jail/Prison - COVID-19 Resources Articles FAQS Blog Contact
