Firm: Law Offices of Paula Canny
URL: https://www.paulacanny.com/contact
Title: Burlingame Criminal Law Lawyers | Estate & Probate Litigation

Burlingame Criminal Law Lawyers | Estate & Probate Litigation Search: Main Navigation Home Attorney Profiles Paula Canny Robert Canny Matthew Murillo Criminal Defense DUI Violent Crimes Drug Crimes Domestic Violence Juvenile Crimes News & Press Court Locator Links Contact Us Maps & Directions 840 Hinckley Rd, Suite 101 Burlingame, CA 94010 650.652.7862 Menu Home Attorney Profiles Paula Canny Robert Canny Matthew Murillo Practice Areas Civil Litigation Probate & Estate Litigation Personal Injury Criminal Defense DUI Violent Crimes Drug Crimes Domestic Violence Juvenile Crimes Associations News & Press Court Locator Contact Us Driving Under the Influence Violent Crimes Drug Crimes Domestic Violence Juvenile Crimes Criminal Defense Lawyers in Burlingame, CA, Commit to Client Service Our passion comes through in every case we take For more than 30 years, The Law Offices of Paula Canny has helped good people through difficult times. As one of California’s most prestigious criminal defense law firms, we’re committed to protecting your rights and working to reduce the consequences of your arrest. We have a record of success in state and federal court, securing acquittals in aggressively prosecuted cases, including California’s first “three strikes” case. Although an acquittal is neither possible nor appropriate in all cases, we make every effort to ensure you are treated fairly and that the court considers every factor that argues in your favor. When you choose Paula Canny for your criminal defense , you get representation that is: Aggressive — We diligently attack every aspect of the prosecution’s case against you Effective — Our holistic approach to criminal defense gets consistently favorable results Helpful — We do more than offer the best legal counsel possible, we provide the emotional support you need to weather your crisis The Law Offices of Paula Canny is ready to defend you from any state or federal charge, including: DUI — We protect your license and your reputation with an aggressive DUI defense Violent crimes — Our experience with violent crime defense includes everything from simple assault to capital murder Drug crimes — From marijuana DUI to trafficking, we protect your rights in drug prosecutions Domestic violence — We represent targets of restraining orders and criminal complaints for domestic abuse Juvenile adjudications — We represent minors accused of juvenile crime in delinquency hearings Holistic approach to criminal defense drives fair resolutions At The Law Offices of Paula Canny, our passion for justice compels us to explore every avenue for resolving a case favorably. That process starts with exhaustive preparation where we explore every aspect of the case — the event, the causes, the person accused, the state’s evidence — to find areas that we can develop to our client’s advantage. We exploit any weaknesses we find in the prosecution’s case and put forth mitigating factors that might lead to reduced charges or a decision not to prosecute. Our thorough, independent investigation often allows us to limit the damage to our client, but when negotiations do not yield a fair result, we are confident in our ability to secure justice at trial. Our record in high-profile, high-stakes criminal trials has made us one of the most respected criminal defense firms in the state of California. Helping Burlingame clients with civil litigation Our Burlingame practice has grown to encompass civil litigation as well. We represent plaintiffs in personal injury cases. We also apply our court skills to administrative hearings, family law disputes, and estate and probate litigation . Contact a Burlingame criminal defense law firm with the passion to protect your rights The Law Offices of Paula Canny provides aggressive and effective criminal defense representation throughout California. Find out how our holistic approach to case preparation can protect your rights. Call 650.652.7862 or contact our Burlingame office online to schedule a consultation. Avatars by Sterling Adventures What our client say About our service "Despite frequent warnings on the dangers of drinking and driving, individuals continue to misjudge their capacity to enjoy alcohol without impairing their ability to drive safely. At The Law Offices of Paula Canny, we understand that, human nature being what it is, good people can make mistakes that land them in enormous trouble." Contact the Firm Fill out the contact form below and click send so we can help you more quickly. Name * Email * Phone * Message * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Contact 840 Hinckley Rd, Suite 101 Burlingame, CA 94010 650.652.7862 Tel 650.652.7835 Fax Navigation Home Attorney Profiles News & Press Associations Court Locator Lawsuit Help Links Contact Us Maps & Directions Practice Areas Civil Litigation Criminal Defense DUI Violent Crimes Drug Crimes Domestic Violence Juvenile Crimes Personal Injury Probate & Estate Litigation The Law Offices of Paula Canny is located in Burlingame, California and serves clients in and around Burlingame, San Mateo, Millbrae, San Francisco, Belmont, Redwood City, Half Moon Bay, San Bruno, San Carlos, South San Francisco, El Granada, Pacifica, Menlo Park, Woodside, Atherton, Foster City, East Palo Alto, Montara, Moss Beach, Brisbane, Portola Valley, Hillsborough, Pescadero, Colma, La Honda, Redwood Shores, San Gregorio, Princeton by the Sea, Ladera, Daly City and San Mateo County. Attorney Advertising. This website is designed for general information only. The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship. [ Site Map ] [ Bookmark Us ] See our profile at Lawyers.com or Martindale.com . Martindale-Hubbell and martindale.com are registered trademarks; AV, BV, AV Preeminent and BV Distinguished are registered certification marks; Lawyers.com and the Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Rated Icon are service marks; and Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings are trademarks of MH Sub I, LLC, used under license. Other products and services may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. Copyright © 2026 MH Sub I, LLC. All rights reserved.
