Firm: Law Offices of Robert J. Beles
URL: https://beleslaw.com/
Title: Oakland Criminal Lawyers: CA State Bar Certified Specialists: Law Offices of Beles & Beles

Oakland Criminal Lawyers: CA State Bar Certified Specialists: Law Offices of Beles & Beles Oakland 510-836-0100 Hayward 510-836-0100 Fremont 510-745-7755 Pleasanton 925-460-5400 Concord 925-460-5400 Se Habla Español Free Consultations Credit Cards Accepted (510) 836-0100 Credit Cards Accepted You can also speak to us in: Spanish and Mandarin. Robert J. Beles Certified Criminal Law Specialist Over 50 years experienced Successful Trial Lawyer Octavio Sajuan Experienced Trial Lawyer Spanish Speaker Michael Sitkin Experienced Criminal Lawyer Gabrielle Nicolet Experienced Criminal Lawyer Home Attorneys Blog Contact Home Attorneys Blog Contact Case Results: Another Win for Our Law Firm and Our Client, Kevin Arbuckle December 17, 2024 - Our client, Kevin Arbuckle, was released on a ruling by the Alameda County Superior Court after serving 15 years on a 32 years to life sentence for a homicide that occurred 15 years ago. Our office is an expert at resentencing and modifying sentences, as we are on the cutting edge of applying recently enacted laws created to reduce excessive sentences that no longer align with the current legal standards for sentencing. We wish Mr. Arbuckle well in his new life, free of prison. He is hopeful of returning to his home state of Louisiana, where his sister resides. Title IX Win at UC Berkeley for Beles & Beles September 2024 – Today, we received the final decision exonerating a student at UC Berkeley who was falsely accused of sexual assault under Title IX. These allegations can have life-altering consequences, including suspension or expulsion, and can make it difficult to gain admission to another school. Our client is a top engineering student, who is very thankful to be able to continue his education at UC Berkeley free of these false accusations. Congratulations to our client, who has a very bright future ahead of him! Early Release From Prison August 2024 – Another big win for Beles and Beles and Restorative Justice! We are happy to announce the release from prison of Gustavo L. after serving 20 years of a 28-Life prison sentence by order of the Santa Clara Superior Court on August 13, 2024. Gustavo L. will be reunited with his family because of the hard work and outstanding lawyering of Attorney Kate Hallinan in our office. No Jail Time in Federal Child Pornography Case November 2023 – Big win recently, on November 8, 2023 Federal Child Pornography Case . U.S Attorney argued for a guidelines sentence of 10 years in jail. We argued for NO time. Judge agreed with us and client is home on probation. Judge said this is the biggest downward departure from federal guidelines he has ever given in 35 years in the bench. A very happy client. Big Appellate Wins in Murder and Attempted Murder Cases October 2023 – Recent big appellate wins on October 30, 2023. In a murder case out of Sacramento , the trial court denied our motion to dismiss. We appealed and the appellate court reversed the trial court’s denial of our motion. In a case out of Riverside, the superior court granted our motion to dismiss an attempted 187 based on arguments regarding kill zone and natural probable consequences instructions. Two happy clients We win cases. Another not guilty. March 2023 – Beles & Beles attorneys won a total acquittal in a child molestation case on March 2, 2023 in Alameda County Superior Court. Our client was facing life in prison. Through skillful cross-examination of the child, mother, and DA's expert, followed by a brilliant argument to the jury, Beles & Beles brought home the victory, and set this innocent man free." Client Facing 40 Years Released February 2023 – Annie Beles gets a credit for time served plea bargain for a client facing 40 years in prison for multiple shootings. Client released! 1 Year Deal Negotiated in Sexual Assault Case February 2023 – Annie Beles negotiated a one year deal for a person facing multiple life sentences for sexual assault charges. Murder Charge Reduced to Involuntary Manslaughter January 2023 – Client facing murder charge reduced to an involuntary manslaughter because of Annie Beles’ mitigation package and advocacy. Murder Charge Dismissed September 2022 – Beles and Beles team of Annie Beles and Micah Reyner convinced a judge to dismiss a murder charge in a 995 motion. Another Win June 2022 – After many years of representation, Annie Beles got another client resentenced under CA Penal Code 1170.95 and he will be released this summer! Total Victory May 2022 – Annie Beles won a special circumstance murder case where the eyewitness identified her client and the co-defendant testified against him. NOT GUILTY on all counts. The client is at home with his family now. Thank You from Client Removed from Sex Offender Registry "A year ago, I call around seeking help, from not just any one ready to handle my case. I wasn’t sure of the run around from the opposing party that has been going on for years. I decide I’m ready to trust. Now, my case has been settled completely in my favor, thanks to everyone at Beles & Beles Law Offices who handled the case. Quotes had gone through two other attorneys before I decided to hire the Beles & Beles Law Offices and I couldn’t be happier with my decision of the years of experience within the firm, the new to the season vet’s. They were compassionate and understanding of my needs and were able to help me resolve my matters at a fraction of the cost that I would’ve spent on other attorneys. And that was a life changing period in my life, I’m so grateful for the opportunity to live life with family and friends the best that one can. Thank you. thank you…..." C.M. 4/8/22 Federal Fraud Dismissal "I hired Robert & Annie in early 2019 because I was unfairly charged in a Federal fraud case. It was a long hard fight, but they successfully were able to get my case dismissed. I hired the right lawyers and would highly recommend them." George David 3/31/22 Removal from Sex Offender Registry Another major victory was secured on January 21 st , 2022, on behalf of Curtis Lee M. After being required to register as a sex offender in the State of California for over 20 years (originally sentenced in 1999), we were able to file a writ of mandate with the Alameda Superior Court securing Mr. Lee’s removal from the California Department of Justice Sex Registration Registry. The tragedy of this case lies in its origin as a consensual statutory rape charge, which (from the onset) should not have involved a requirement to register as a sex offender. We are honored to serve our client's needs, allowing him to move forward with his life minus the societal stigma of sexual registration. Major Appellate Victory: Reversal of Attempted Murder Charge Scoring a major appellate victory on January 18 th , 2022, we have secured the reversal of an attempted murder charge on behalf of Eduardo L in San Joaquin (Stockton) . Mr. L had been sentenced to 32 to Life, including numerous gang and firearm clauses. Through the diligent work of our dedicated appellate team, we were able to secure reversal of this verdict based on our argument that the jury had not been instructed properly regarding the “Kill Zone theory”. This momentous decision has already begun receiving notice from other legal teams throughout the state as a precedent through which to secure the reversal of their client’s unjust sentences. The client and his family have expressed tremendous gratitude for our efforts, and we are thankful for the opportunity to serve their needs in this instance of misguided justice. Thank You letter from client's mother after Beles & Beles attorneys convinced DA to release son from prison. (Excerpt, see full letter) "Dear Attorney Robert J. Beles: I would like to first give God thanks!!! For allowing justice for my son I.T....and it did bring justice with the three-strikes law, and a 45-year life sentence, he was resentenced and can come home. I would also like to thank...Attorney Robert J. Beles, Attorney Anne C. Beles, Attorney Manish Daryani, Attorney Charles Duggan and many more at the Beles & Beles Law Firm...I can't thank you all enough..." Justice done for man previously serving life sentence: Beles & Beles Law Firm convinces court to resentence client who will now be going home. In a gratifying win for the Law Offices of Beles and Beles, a firm client, I.T., was resentenced in Alameda County Superior Court. I.T. had originally been sentenced as a “third-striker” to a 45-years-to-life state prison term. After I.T. served 19 years of his sentence and made great strides in rehabilitating himself while incarcerated, Beles and Beles worked to convince the District Attorney’s Office to file a motion for resentencing. Firm lawyers Robert Beles, Anne Beles, Manisha Daryani, and Charles Duggan presented written arguments to the District Attorney’s Office that I.T. was deserving of a lesser sentence and a second chance in life. On August 17, 2021, a Superior Court Judge agreed to resentence I.T. The new sentence means I.T. will now be going home to his family. Major appellate victory — Murder Conviction Overturned! In a unanimous decision issued on August 6, 2021, the First District Court of Appeal in San Francisco reversed the murder conviction of a Beles & Beles client. In a great team effort by Robert Beles, Manisha Daryani, and Joseph Ryan, our firm briefed and argued the appeal. The Court of Appeal agreed with our argument that the jury in our client's case should have received a jury instruction about voluntary manslaughter, and that the error required our client's conviction be overturned. We feel vindicated that the Court of Appeal agreed with our argument and we were delighted to share the news with our client and his family. $2 Million in Seized Assets Recovered for Client in Marijuana Case Beles & Beles attorneys in a marijuana conspiracy case achieved a total victory. All criminal charges were dropped and $2 million dollars seized was returned to the client. COVID Compassionate Release From Federal Prison! Client Home with Family! Beles & Beles secured a compassionate release from federal incarceration on behalf of a client who suffered from underlying medical conditions that put him at high risk of serious illness and/or death from COVID-19. Our client had over 19 months remaining on his sentence. The court ordered his remaining sentence be served at home with his family. Habeas Corpus granted, conviction vacated, and sex registration terminated (Sept, 2020) Mr. L plead to a crime of Indecent Exposure without being informed by his previous counsel or the court of the lifetime sex-offender registration requirement. Mr. L is an internationally renowned musician and must travel to make a living. He had been registering as a sex offender for 2 years and had lost all hope until he came to our law office. We are experts and could see that Mr. L’s rights had been violated. Total victory- Mr. L is no longer a convicted sex registrant and very thankful for our help. Life Sentence Modified to Allow Parole - (July 2020) Attorney Annie Beles successfully modified a Life Without the Possibility of Parole sentence to the client to get a parole date - after 38 years of incarceration. Attempted Murder Charge Discharged - San Mateo, January 2020) Acquittal of First Degree Murder Charge: Attorney Annie Beles got an attempted murder count discharged at preliminary examination in a San Mateo gang case. Murder trial win - (San Francisco, Oct 2019) Attorney Annie Beles got an acquittal of murder on a video-recorded stabbing in San Francisco. Client was sentenced to 7 years in prison on a voluntary manslaughter. Charges dropped for major sports executive. (October 2019) See Article Attorney Joseph Ryan Wins Remand Court of Appeal Orders the Superior Court to hold a new sentencing hearing regarding the defendant's firearm enhancement. (March 2018) HUGE WIN: On February 5, 2018, the Federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed an 8 year sentence of a man convicted of a construction kick-back scheme. Robert J. Beles argued to the Court that his client was innocent and had not properly waived his rights. Murder Trial Win for Annie Beles: After a two and a half month trial, with the D.A. asking for a verdict of first degree murder, the jury refused to convict Ruben Cortez. The case resulted in a hung jury, heavily favoring the defense. Congratulations Annie! (DV Case, Napa County) Airplane Pilot Case: His entire career depended on a dismissal. Certified Appellate Law Specialist Paul McCarthy's research and motion convinced judge to dismiss entire case. Win in CA Supreme Court: The Law Offices of Beles & Beles, Manisha Daryani, Attorney, won a habeas corpus writ in the California Supreme Court (very rare) which will result in a new sentence for a juvenile convicted of murder. Two Big Wins: The Law Offices of Beles & Beles recently had back-to-back NOT GUILTY verdicts on two separate criminal jury trials involving sex crimes in Contra Costa and Santa Clara counties – saved two innocent people from jail and lifetime sex registration. Oakland Criminal Lawyers: Our Winning Strategy Partners Bob and Annie Beles were honored by the 2019 NBA World Champion Toronto Raptors with their own team jerseys. "When the NBA Champions needed legal help to defend their president against unfounded assault charges, they checked their sources and chose Beles & Beles as the go to firm in Oakland. We got the case dropped and the Raptors kindly referred to us as their dream team ." -Robert J. Beles We Keep Clients Informed - Call Us 24/7 We believe that an informed client can help in the defense of his/her case. We review and share with a client all discovery received from the prosecutor. This means copies of all police reports, audio and video tapes, witness statement, scientific evidence such as DNA, ballistics, blood work, expert opinions. We Formulate A Defense Plan - All Federal and State Cases All cases are different but we always have a defense plan based on experience and tactics. Often the defense is simply a failure of the prosecution to prove the case. The burden is on the state to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. Good cross examination can create that doubt. Others might require self-defense or accident. A sexual assault might simply never have happened or, in some cases, sex occurred but the act was consensual and, therefore, not a crime. Experts in Restorative Justice - State Certified Criminal and Appellate Law Specialists There is no need for your loved ones to spend their lives in prison. There are remedies, and we can help. Legal Motions Motions to suppress, or to reveal informants, or to discover background information on the police, are crucial. All legal pressure that can be applied will be applied to win the case. Investigation We thoroughly investigate the case. This means taking the statements of witnesses, independently testing the evidence, DNA, fingerprints, ballistics. We analyze the crime scene, take photos, use a lie detector, consult with experts - whatever it takes to win your case. Aggressive Defense of Your Case Our thorough, aggressive approach applies to all stages of your case: Bail, Arraignment, Motions, all the way through Trial and Sentencing, if needed, New Trial, Appeal. We assign 2 attorneys to every case. This way, you can always reach an attorney that knows about your case. We Get the Best Results - Avoid Jail Criminal accusations can be devastating unless dealt with in a discreet, sensitive, professional manner. Let a specialist & our team of experienced Investigators & Experts help you. We are experienced, we work hard, and we care. Areas of Expertise Sex Offenses Murder / Manslaughter Drug Crimes Juvenile Law Theft / Embezzlement Probation / Parole Appeals & Writs Child Pornography Sex Registration Indecent Exposure Domestic Violence Federal Crimes Drunk Driving Gun Law White Collar Crimes Criminal Records Immigration Rape Child Molestation Areas of Expertise Sex Offenses Domestic Violence Murder / Manslaughter Federal Crimes Drug Crimes Drunk Driving Juvenile Law Gun Law Theft / Embezzlement White Collar Crimes Probation / Parole Criminal Records Appeals & Writs Immigration Child Pornography Rape Child Molestation Sex Registration Indecent Exposure State Certified Specialists Robert Beles - State Certified Criminal Law Specialist Anne Beles - State Certified Criminal Law Specialist Paul McCarthy - State Certified Appellate Law Specialist Emilio Parker - State Certified Immigration Law Specialist Free Consultation - Online Form All fields marked with * are required. Why Hire A State Bar Certified Specialist? If you had a serious illness, wouldn't you want to be treated by a doctor who specialized in that area? Criminal Law is serious. The State Bar certifies legal specialists to help the public identify attorneys who have demonstrated proficiency in specialized fields of law. What Does it Mean When an Attorney is a "Certified" Specialist? A Certified Specialist is more than just an attorney who specializes in a particular area of law. A California attorney who is certified by the State Bar has had to meet certain high standards. A certified specialists is required to have: Taken and passed a written examination in Criminal Law Demonstrated a high level of experience in Criminal Law Fulfilled ongoing education requirements Been favorably evaluated by other attorneys and judges familiar with her or his work What Can a Certified Criminal Law Specialist Do for You? Fully advise you Vigorously defend you through all stages of your case Help you protect your rights Help you effectively handle your case from start to finish Robert and Anne Beles are both State Bar Certified Criminal Law Specialists. Demand this official Certification when your freedom is at stake. Sunday, May 17, 2026 Oakland Defense Lawyers Serving the Oakland-San Francisco Bay Area When Your Freedom is at Stake You Need Experienced and Aggressive Oakland Criminal Defense Attorneys Experience. Specialization. A Reputation for Credibility. A Record of Success. These are some of the strengths of Robert J. Beles, Annie Beles and their team of experienced criminal defense attorneys, immigration attorneys and criminal appeals attorneys at the Law Offices of Beles & Beles. Both Robert and Annie are certified as a criminal law specialists by the State Bar of California Board of Legal Specialization. Over the course of more than 40 years, Robert Beles has built a solid reputation as a highly effective criminal defense attorney in the Oakland-San Francisco Bay Area. Annie Beles is also certified as a criminal law specialist by the State Bar of California Board of Legal Specialization and has over 10 years of experience. Both father and daughter take great pride in their reputation and success. Our criminal defense law firm is well respected throughout the judicial system and legal community. Our legal team is rounded out by a dedicated group of lawyers with a variety of talents that benefit our clients. We all have impressive qualifications and a drive to defend people who are accused of crimes. Our Oakland Defense Attorneys Can Help You Avoid Jail - On Low Bail or With No Bail! Our trial lawyers vigorously represent people charged with sex crimes of all kinds, as well as a full spectrum of state or federal criminal charges . We defend people accused of domestic violence, murder, attempted murder, manslaughter, or assault, drug charges (including manufacturing and trafficking), drunk driving, juvenile offenses, theft, embezzlement, or fraud, and Internet or white-collar crimes. Our attorneys also counsel and defend businesses and individuals charged with real estate fraud and tax evasion . Oakland Criminal Defense of Cases at all Stages We represent clients with insight, compassion, and unyielding dedication at every stage of a criminal case: in pre-trial and plea negotiations, during bail and preliminary hearings or arraignments, at pre-trial motions, trial, and on appeal, including appeal of sex crime convictions . We also assist clients with post-convictions remedies, issues regarding sex offender registration, probation and parole violations, pre-arrest investigations, motions for expungement or sealing of records and deportation defense. Our Criminal Lawyers in Oakland are Experts at Protecting Constitutional Rights — Preserving Freedom and Property Our years of experience have allowed us to develop a vast "tool box" of defense strategies for all types of criminal charges. We are dedicated to protecting the constitutional rights of the accused, and preserving people's freedom. We protect people's right to keep hard-earned property safe from illegal forfeitures and seizures. You May be Eligible for Alternatives to Jail: Restitution, Drug Treatment, Anger Management Counseling Satisfied clients often thank us for helping them turn their lives around . . . helping them get back on track . . . for keeping them out of jail . . . for allowing them to put their marriages back together . . . or for helping them get drug treatment, counseling, or other rehabilitation help as alternatives to jail. How Our Oakland Criminal Lawyers Deal With Payment We accept all major credit cards. We work out payments plans. Our fees are reasonable. We believe the best defense should be available to everyone. We can refer loved ones to emergency loan sources to finance the defense of a case in times of crisis. Call us. We'll work out the payments. Contact an Experienced Criminal Defense Lawyer at The Law Offices of Beles & Beles Our criminal attorneys have offices in Oakland , Pleasanton , Fremont , Concord and Hayward , CA and represent individuals charged with crimes thoughout Contra Costa and Alameda Counties . To schedule a consultation with a criminal defense attorney, contact us through this Web site or by phone today. Anne C. Beles Certified Criminal Law Specialist 27 years experienced Successful Trial Lawyer Paul McCarthy Certified Appellate Law Specialist 50 years experienced Successful Appellate Lawyer Emilio Tomas Parker Certified Immigration Law Specialist 14 years experienced Successful Immigration Lawyer Matthew Matejcek 8 years experienced Criminal Lawyer Office Location Oakland Office The Ordway Building 1 Kaiser Plaza - Suite 2300 Oakland , CA 94612 Phone: (510) 836-0100 Fax: 510-832-3690 Contact Us Office Directions Review Us Beles and Beles is located in Oakland , CA and serves clients in and around Emeryville , Alameda, Oakland, Berkeley , Albany, El Cerrito, San Francisco, San Leandro , Orinda, Moraga, Lafayette , San Pablo, Brisbane, Richmond , El Sobrante, San Lorenzo, Walnut Creek, Crockett, Castro Valley, Alameda County, Contra Costa County, Marin County, San Francisco County, San Mateo County, Solano County. From our offices in Oakland , Fremont , Pleasanton , Concord (1390 Willow Pass Road - Suite 340) and Hayward , the Law Offices of Beles & Beles offers comprehensive, effective criminal defense throughout Alameda and Contra Costa counties and in San Francisco/East Bay Area communities such as Martinez , Richmond , Berkeley , Walnut Creek and Pittsburg. © 2026 by Law Offices of Beles & Beles - All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Sitemap Criminal Lawyer Alameda Albany Antioch Bay Point Brentwood Castro Valley Clayton El Cerrito Hercules Moraga Oakley Orinda Piedmont Pinole Pittsburg San Lorenzo San Pablo Criminal Defense Attorneys Alameda Criminal Defense Albany Criminal Defense Antioch Criminal Defense Bay Point Criminal Defense Berkeley Criminal Defense Brentwood Criminal Defense Castro Valley Criminal Defense Clayton Criminal Defense Concord Criminal Defense Danville Criminal Defense Dublin Criminal Defense El Cerrito Criminal Defense Emeryville Criminal Defense Fremont Criminal Defense Hayward Criminal Defense Hercules Criminal Defense Lafayette Criminal Defense Livermore Criminal Defense Martinez Criminal Defense Moraga Criminal Defense Newark Criminal Defense Oakland Criminal Defense Oakland Drug Crime Lawyers Oakley Criminal Defense Orinda Criminal Defense Piedmont Criminal Defense Pinole Criminal Defense Pittsburg Criminal Defense Pleasant Hill Criminal Defense Pleasanton Criminal Defense Richmond Criminal Defense San Leandro Criminal Defense San Lorenzo Criminal Defense San Pablo Criminal Defense San Ramon Criminal Defense Union City Criminal Defense Walnut Creek Criminal Defense Hayward Drug Crime Lawyers Fremont Drug Crime Lawyers Concord Drug Crime Lawyers Walnut Creek Drug Crime Lawyers Pleasanton Drug Crime Lawyers Richmond Drug Crime Lawyers San Francisco Appeals Lawyers Sacramento Appeals Lawyers San Diego Appeals Lawyers Los Angeles Appeals Lawyers Bakersfield Appeals Lawyers Modesto Appeals Lawyers Stockton Appeals Lawyers Fresno Appeals Lawyers Domestic Violence Hayward Domestic Violence Lawyers Concord Domestic Violence Lawyers Pleasanton Domestic Violence Lawyers Oakland Domestic Violence Lawyers Fremont Domestic Violence Lawyers Walnut Creek Domestic Violence Lawyers Murder Fremont Murder Lawyers Hayward Murder Lawyers Concord Murder Lawyers Pleasanton Murder Lawyers Oakland Murder Lawyers Walnut Creek Murder Lawyers Richmond Murder Lawyers Immigration Fremont Immigration Lawyers Oakland Immigration Lawyers Concord Immigration Lawyers Hayward Immigration Lawyers Pleasanton Immigration Lawyers Richmond Immigration Lawyers Walnut Creek Immigration Lawyers Sex Crime Oakland Sex Crime Lawyers Fremont Sex Crime Lawyers Hayward Sex Crime Lawyers Concord Sex Crime Lawyers Pleasanton Sex Crime Lawyers Richmond Sex Crime Lawyers Walnut Creek Sex Crime Lawyers DUI Oakland DUI Lawyers Hayward DUI Lawyers Concord DUI Lawyers Fremont DUI Lawyers Walnut Creek DUI Lawyers Richmond DUI Lawyers | Blog You may not reproduce or communicate any of the content on this website, including files downloadable from this website, without the permission of the copyright owner. Home Firm Overview Attorney Profiles Practice Areas Sexual Offenses Sex Offense Appeals Domestic Violence Gun Law Murder, Manslaughter, Assault Juvenile Law Drug Crimes Drunk Driving Theft, Fraud, Embezzlement Real Estate Fraud Tax Fraud White Collar Crimes Federal Crimes Probation, Parole Criminal Records, Expungements Appeals, Habeas Corpus Immigration and Deportation Web Resources Se Habla Español Contact Us Translate »
