Firm: Demetrius Costy Law
URL: https://www.costylaw.com/
Title: Oakland Criminal Defense Attorney | Demetrius Costy Law

Oakland Criminal Defense Attorney | Demetrius Costy Law Skip to Content When You Need Help, We're Here for You (510) 254-3945 Contact Us Home Demetrius Costy Criminal Defense Domestic Violence Assault & Battery Drug Crimes Drug Distribution Drug Manufacturing Drug Possession Drug Trafficking Federal Drug Crimes Prescription Fraud DUI Drug DUI Underage DUI Misdemeanors Felonies Sex Crimes Rape Theft Crimes Burglary Vehicle Crimes Driving with a Suspended License Hit and Run Vehicular Manslaughter Violent Crimes White Collar Crimes Money Laundering Fraud Reviews Case Results Contact Us Close Search Home Demetrius Costy Criminal Defense Main Menu Domestic Violence Assault & Battery Drug Crimes Drug Distribution Drug Manufacturing Drug Possession Drug Trafficking Federal Drug Crimes Prescription Fraud DUI Drug DUI Underage DUI Misdemeanors Felonies Sex Crimes Rape Theft Crimes Burglary Vehicle Crimes Driving with a Suspended License Hit and Run Vehicular Manslaughter Violent Crimes White Collar Crimes Money Laundering Fraud Reviews Case Results Contact Us Contact Us Call Us Today! Follow Us Top Over 20 Years of Extraordinary Criminal Defense Not Your Typical Law Firm Attorney Demetrius Costy gets extraordinary results because he puts extraordinary effort into each and every case. Schedule Your Free Consultation Oakland Criminal Defense Attorney Fighting for Clients throughout The Bay Area When you face serious charges, you need an Oakland criminal defense attorney who has the experience and in-depth knowledge to fight them. With more than 20 years of proven experience throughout Alameda County, Attorney Demetrius Costy has built a reputation for dependable defense against the toughest criminal charges near Oakland, including domestic violence , drug crimes , DUIs , sex crimes and violent crimes . As an Oakland criminal defense attorney, he has successfully defended thousands of clients, and his clients know him for his 24/7 availability and unwavering commitment to their case. If you were arrested in the Bay Area, don’t waste any time pleading with law enforcement. Call the Oakland criminal lawyer at Demetrius Costy Law at (510) 254-3945 for a free consultation about what to do next. Clients of our Oakland criminal defense attorney often come to us feeling hopeless and afraid of the weeks ahead—this is natural, but you do not have to live your life this way. During your free consultation, we can discuss the details of your criminal charges in the bay area, agree on a strategy about what to do next, and help you tell your side of the story in a way that will produce a more favorable outcome. Being charged with a crime does not make you a criminal. Our Oakland criminal lawyer is committed to helping you feel more hopeful and confident about your situation, and we offer same-day appointments to get you the assistance you need right when you need it. You do not and should not have to face the charges alone. Let our firm help you fight for your freedom. Criminal Defense White Collar Crimes Violent Crimes Sex Crimes Theft Crimes DUI Drug Crimes Domestic Violence Felonies View All Reviews from Real Clients "I would 1,000% recommend him to represent you!" Throughout my case, he was very supportive and very transparent. He partnered with me on every decision and helped me get control of my life again. I am thankful to have met Demetrius. He is trusting and really a down-to-earth man. - Sina M. "I highly recommend his services to anyone in need of an attorney" From start to finish, he demonstrated true professionalism, clear communication, and genuine compassion. - David "Thank you so much for your incredible skill and compassion." I’d like to thank you for your work in getting my plea deal. I know that it wasn’t the greatest stuff to work with but I am so grateful for the outcome...Thank you so much for your incredible skill and compassion. - Previous Client "A first class experience from start to finish." A first class experience from start to finish. - Gary V. "The professionalism, the WILL to properly represent my situation, and the motivation to get the best END RESULT is everything you could want from a law firm/lawyer with over 20 years of experience." The professionalism, the WILL to properly represent my situation, and the motivation to get the best END RESULT is everything you could want from a law firm/lawyer with over 20 years of experience. - Omar S. "He really cared about my situation." In some unfortunate incidence, I was accused of domestic violence case. I was very scared. I looked up on the internet for an attorney and found Demetrius Costy. I was not disappointed. On the first day, he heard my story completely. I believed it and worked very hard on my behalf. He has a lot of patience and always responds. He gave a lot of confidence upfront. He really cared about my situation and showed a lot of compassion towards our family. I never went to court after he took over the case. My family owes a lot of thanks to him for both my misdemeanors got dismissed. - Previous Client "He has a very good rapport with the correct people and I believe that factors a play in how my case went!" He has a very good rapport with the correct people and I believe that factors a play in how my case went! "Thanks for everything." Thinking back over the last year, of course you come to mind as someone who helped me over the bumpy road. Thanks for everything. - Previous Client Read More Extraordinary Preparation for Excellent Results Being charged with a crime can seem like a one-way ticket to legal penalties. The truth, however, is that your prosecutors will need to prove beyond any reasonable doubt that you are the criminal they make you out to be. Our Oakland criminal defense firm understands the tactics and strategies they use to secure a conviction, and we can help you raise doubt as to whether or not their suspicions have merit. As your advocate, we will examine the evidence to look for errors made by law enforcement and help you construct your narrative. A meticulous review of all the evidence, combined with a thorough analysis of the elements of each charge, will often reveal flaws in the prosecution's case. We are on your side, and we do not judge you for what happened in your situation. Let our Oakland criminal defense lawyer help you protect your rights and preserve your hopeful future. Why Choose Demetrius Costy Law? All initial consultations are free. Our office is available to take your call 24/7. We have over 20 years of Criminal Defense experience. We pay close attention to every detail. Thousands of clients represented. Don't Wait to Contact Us Schedule your free consultation right away. First Name Please enter your first name. Last Name Please enter your last name. Phone Please enter your phone number. This isn't a valid phone number. Email Please enter your email address. This isn't a valid email address. Are you a new client? Yes, I am a potential new client No, I'm a current existing client I'm neither. Please make a selection. How can we help you? Please enter a message. 🛡️ Please enter the above verification code: By submitting, you agree to receive text messages from Demetrius Costy Law at the number provided, including those related to your inquiry, follow-ups, and review requests, via automated technology. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Msg & data rates may apply. Msg frequency may vary. Reply STOP to cancel or HELP for assistance. Acceptable Use Policy Send Message Home Demetrius Costy Criminal Defense Reviews Case Results Contact Us Address 528 Grand Ave Oakland, CA 94610 Map & Directions Call for Extraordinary Defense (510) 254-3945 Follow Us The information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. This information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship. © 2026 All Rights Reserved. Your Privacy Choices Site Map Privacy Policy Site Search
