Firm: Law Offices of Jesse J. Garcia
URL: https://www.jessejgarcialaw.com/
Title: Criminal Defense Attorney - Northern CA - Jesse J. Garcia

Criminal Defense Attorney - Northern CA - Jesse J. Garcia Jesse Garcia: Justia English en Español es Jesse J. Garcia Attorney at Law 510-782-7580 5776 Stoneridge Mall Road Suite 390 Pleasanton, California 94588 Local Expertise, Fearless Defense Your Trusted Partner in Legal Battles Home About Jesse Garcia Criminal Defense Assault & Sex Crimes DUI Murder Theft Crimes Drug Crimes White-Collar Crime Domestic Violence & Juvenile Law Child Abuse Domestic Violence Juvenile Crimes Felonies & Misdemeanors Federal Crimes Contact Us Local Expertise, Fearless Defense Your Trusted Partner in Legal Battles You Deserve Seasoned and Experienced Criminal Defense Call: 510-782-7580 Haga Click Abajo Para Español We Offer Our Clients an Aggressive and Exceptional Defense Through the Entire Process State & Federal Criminal Defense Practice in the Bay Area, Alameda County, Central Valley, & Beyond Successfully Protecting Your Constitutional Rights in Oakland, Hayward, Dublin, Livermore, Pleasanton, Stockton, Modesto, San Jose, and Beyond Jesse J. Garcia Attorney at Law , provides clients with the best criminal defense. Our attorney has 50 years of experience defending clients in the state and federal criminal justice system; let us help you get your life back on track. The potential negative results of an arrest could last a lifetime. The sooner we start working on your defense, the greater your chances for victory. Take serious action quickly to protect your rights. Schedule a Free Initial Consultation Today! Contact J esse J. Garcia Attorney at Law , at (510) 782-7580 or online. Button Button Jesse Garcia Button California Trial Attorney with 50 Years of Experience Protecting Your Rights and Fighting Harsh Charges Remember, you are innocent unless proven guilty. If you are charged with any kind of criminal offense, from DUI to murder, your rights could be at risk. However, our experienced trial attorney at Jesse J. Garcia Attorney at Law will protect your rights and maximize the constitutional protection you are due. At the same time, we fight the harsh charges against you. Comprehensive Criminal Defense Services Our lawyer has 50 years of experience in state and federal criminal law, and we handle everything related to criminal defense—white-collar crimes, sex crimes, murders, and misdemeanors; no case is too big for us. We will look for every possible avenue of defense to negotiate advantageous settlements for our clients, and we also thoroughly prepare for trial to bring a confident and informed fight. We recognize that immigration status may be at risk when a person commits a crime. We have the experience to protect clients' immigration status as part of our defense strategy. Cases We Handle We're the Firm to Trust with Your Criminal Defense Assault & Sex Crimes DUI Theft Crimes Domestic Violence Drug Crimes Federal Crimes Felony & Misdemeanor Crimes White-Collar Crime Murder Asset Forfeiture Resentencing Cannabis Cultivation You Have a Right to Expect Success Why Choose Jesse J. Garcia Attorney at Law? Thorough, Strategic Representation 50 Years of Experience No Case is Too Big Se Habla Español Aggressive Attorney Local, State, & Federal Crimes Serving the Bay Area & Beyond Jesse J. Garcia Attorney at Law , serves clients throughout the Greater Bay area and beyond. Start Today! See What Others Have to Say ★★★★★ Positive: Professionalism Very great people in that office. Defended me when no one else would. Highly recommend! - Alvaro B. Button ★★★★★ Jesse garcia is amazing. He explained everything down the to the point. He made me and my family feel good and confident about our case. He will never let you down. He will also put himself in harm's way for you. He defended us from people who wanted to hurt us outside court . He will stick with you no matter what. I'm happy we were told to go see jesse . Also he likes it if you stop by once in a while to see hows he doing. Hes a good guy . - Ruben L. Button ★★★★★ "This is the best of the best law firms in the Bay Area." I have known Jessie Garcia, Austin Thompson, and Claudia, the Legal Assistant, for many years. My family has utilized the services of this law firm over the years, and one thing I can say is this is the best of the best law firms in the Bay Area. They are true to their word on what they say they will do. I highly recommend Thompson Garcia Law Firm. — Shirley T. Button ★★★★★ "They saved me years of prison time by proving that I was falsely accused of a crime." If you need a criminal defense attorney, especially for false accusations of child molestation, you need these guys. They saved me years of prison time by proving that I was falsely accused of a crime. I would say they saved my life and my business. Jesse Garcia is an attorney known by all and feared by prosecutors. He knows all the right people to help you win your case. Thank you, Jesse. — Becky H. Button ★★★★★ "I am very grateful for the help and support and would recommend this law firm to anybody." These guys are absolutely professional and top-notch. Jesse Garcia was my attorney. Everything he promised me in the first consulting meeting what they could achieve for me came true. Austin Thompson also helped at times and did some very good work for me. I am very grateful for the help and support and would recommend this law firm to anybody. — Tom K. Button ★★★★★ "If ever in need of a good lawyer with a serious case, don't hesitate to contact this office. You won't be disappointed." I've had Jessie Garcia take care of one of my cases, and I was very pleased with his work. For my last case, I had Austin Thompson deal with my case, and let me tell you, both are amazing at what they do. If you are ever in need of a good lawyer with a serious case, don't hesitate to contact this office. You won't be disappointed. — Miguel D. Button ★★★★★ "I highly recommend consulting with Jesse Garcia if you need legal assistance." I want to Thank Jesse Garcia, Austin Thompson, Claudia, Kathy, and Carla. They were all very helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly in assisting me through a difficult time; in/out of the Alameda County Court System. Jesse and his team worked through my case, including photos, text messages, letters, and reports, that supported and achieved a dismissal of 2 charges that were filed against me. I felt very comfortable and secure knowing that Jesse was working on my case. I am very thankful for his efforts towards the dismissal of charges. I highly recommend consulting with Jesse Garcia if you need legal assistance. — Richard C. Button ★★★★★ "Mr. Garcia is a very thoughtful, frank and direct lawyer." Mr... Garcia is a very thoughtful, frank and direct lawyer. He tells you as it is, no BS. I was charged with several felonies, but Mr. Garcia believing in me, argued my case and made it all go away. If you need help from the best lawyer I have ever known, do not hesitate to call this law firm. — Terrence G. Button ★★★★★ "Recomiendo mucho."Hola. Recomiendo mucho. Al abogado. Yessi Garcia Es un gran avogado. Ayebado mi caso por. Años.Y. Gracia's. Ael. Ora. Estoy libre. Es muy. Bueno. Silo. Recomiendo. Es un gran abogado. — Mariana B. Button Start Today! Call Our Attorney We’re only a phone call away! Call 510-782-7580 and let us know how we can help. Home About Criminal Defense Domestic Violence & Juvenile Law Felonies & Misdemeanors Federal Crimes Contact Us All Locations LIST MAP Office 5776 Stoneridge Mall Rd, Pleasanton, CA 94588, United States of America Call Us Go to location page See all locations Button Button Button BUSINESS INFORMATION Office: 510-782-7580 Email: jesse@jessejgarcialaw.com Other Payment Option: Direct Transfers BUSINESS HOURS Mon - Fri 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Sat - Sun Closed Available by Phone 24/7. Jesse Garcia: Justia Content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. Downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Share by:
